It just wouldn't be a true draft without the Jags selecting a 1st round DE
We do not draft for need. Holy hell its Gettleman's 3rd draft. We draft best player available. 
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON!??
That Saints guy has no idea who that is, and neither do we.
No surprise
Well, I would have liked an End or a DTackle, but hey, it's not a *bad* pick.
Haha so did I actually. Not that we NEED a rb, but I fucking love Gurley
To: the Baltimore Ravens
janokowski was drafted #17
Parker is falling right to us. Better not fuck up 
Cannot run C://malcombutler.exe
I like him and Perryman as well.
Hope Chip Kelley isn't near a bridge to jump off of
Have any of you ever tried to wear a white suit? 
They could've gotten more from the Eagles that Geno and a 2nd and Wilkerson. 
Ummm youre a bit late
This thread pisses me off. 
the ILB left are all pretty much the same grade...2nd round. Theyre is depth there. This guy has been hot, grades a bit higher, and fits a need.....a cover ball hawking secondary guy. GB will put 5-6 DBs on the field often, so a covery safety actually makes sense...he will be more like a slot corner tho.

Think what Charles Woodson used to do for us.
i like that kid seems really humble 
We're pissed as fuck, but regardless it's a hella nice toy for Luck. Dorsett is no scrub. Maybe we'll just score on 100% of possessions
I would say Wisconsin is a football state first, a hockey state second, and a hunting state third. Everything else, including baseball and basketball, doesn't attract much attention unless the playoffs are involved.
Good point. I have a tough time seeing the Jets dish out what he will be asking for if they truly think they hit on something with Williams though. That would be some cheap elite talent in Richardson/Williams if it worked out. 
So bold
Don't worry, if they take out Brady I'm sure Miami and Buffalo will be more than happy to take out the young one. 
That's why I watch NFL network for my drafts... 
chip failed 
Wait, the full house of rivals?
who put a raiders logo on the ucf unis?
I really don't know what the fuck the Chicago office and staff were thinking. An absent defense and an O line with more holes than a block of Swiss cheese. How do they fix it? With a wideout. 

I guess they're just banking on the free agent signings being absolute blockbusters. Jesus.
Fucking terrible! 
I would be rather upset about that.
Blame Stephen Jones. He reeks of competency.
guess the mods thought so too
I agree, we should have another great tackle once whit retires, which is important seeing as the steelers just got dupree.
Leverage on Carr and Scandrick. Insurance for Claiborne..
You fuckers better not take all 10 minutes. 
Marcus Marioto. Ohreygone. Jeez. Goodell is worse than Microsoft Sam.
They're ironed on.
I think WR is a big need for them.
most first rounders cry from happiness. marcus was crying cuz jj comin.
Is it safe to buy a Mariota Titans jersey yet?
That place is a cesspool.
Was really hoping to trade down a little bit, but am fine with taking Waynes. Such a boring night so far though. Really hoping some stuff starts happening soon.
**8?**
My heart yearns for Gurley but my head says Beasley
What the hell were they talking about with it being a sexy draft with two possible qb's in the first two picks? All the fun is over now, we peaked too early.
I love how much /r/SquaredCircle leaks into this sub.
Leonard should be the pick, but Carr needs a weapon
HAHAH LETS GO
WHAT IS HAPPENING?!
Chicks dig the long ball.
RUSH RUSH RUSH THANKS BOOM
Of course the Patriots get a huge steal
The 2nd round is where we get offensive weapons.

Dont fret
You never know with chip man
Former Oregon QB
BPA. We have needs at S, ILB, OLB, G, TE, 3rd down RB, and QB. I see Landon Collins as a possible pick, we really need an edge rusher so Gregory or Harold could be the pick in the 2nd. 
Leo dropping unexpectedly.... hmm?
Please happen 
Oh damn. Following in Al's footsteps afterall.
I think people were saying he same thing last year...
you sir need a shit bucket. 
Every time we get a new head coach you could say same. 

When is your team's next chance to turn it around? 
we'll take him off your hands. thx
This is taking forever. Just get on with the picks. It is F**** 5AM in Europa now 
RAIDERS DID 9/11!!!!
he is a ravens fan
Please don't let it be another fucking safety cards. You need offense.
Hahah, perfect
Or centuries, fuck that song. 
I understand why people are upset about passing on Williams, but why the hell are people acting like this is another bad "lol raiders draft" pick? We literally got arguably the best offensive weapon in the draft for our franchise QB. I am stoked.
And /u/TyronSmith breathes a sigh of relief
That's a surprise.
why is everyone saying "LOL" "LOL WHAT OMG"

its a smart pick for them if they couldn't trade down. They needed OLINE help....
Drunk and threatening to stab someone. Never change, Raiders. :)
Don't let the little brother syndrome take over.
Damn good Dawg!

In his AMA earlier, someone asked Todd Gurley which city he'd like to play in most, and he said LA. He may get that chance now...
Na that's cool man. We're past done with Aaron Brooks.
I'm sure he's straight bro and doesn't wanna be fucking wanted.
Blueballed.
Where's Tre Mason going to want to go? He kicks some ass and earned a starting spot somewhere.
and the Jets run out of time!
A FS which we have 0 of. Or a pass rusher for Spags. Hell, Gregory and Kendricks are still on the board. Moving up a few spots a few spots in the 2nd could be worth it.
Uhh what?
Quoted as "young and inexperience" and "Armsted doesn't show up every day..one source told me..."isn't always properly motivated" . Not what you want in a top 20 pick"

this has kentwan balmer written all over it
He overslept. His career is over. 
let's get some mothafuckin fireworks 
This is a joke, right?
Dag yo! You guys are goin' off, man. "No fly zone?" "Purple receiver eaters?!?" Those are awesome. Can't tell which one I like best. Instead of Revis Island, we have Waynes' World. We already had Rhodes Closed, too :D
What the hell? Leonard Williams is the guy that no one expected to fall. At all.
I'll reserve judgement for now. The real TT excitement happens tomorrow.
Yep, was wrong. He doesn't fit your scheme at all but you got best player available. 
Fuck. We need another corner to cover him while Rhodes takes Jeffery.
That's ok, take your time NYJ
Watchu gonna do Rams?
Bears need Defense, they're not going after White.
good pick
Absolutely, but you HAVE to accept that trade if you're TEN.
It was a joke.
SHIT GOT FLIP TURNED UPSIDE DOWN
Does Williams have leprosy?
#blackjerseysmatter
I think it's a very smart pick. Don't know why people think Raiders completely blew it. Cooper is what Carr needs
He is good on a team that has the tools to support him. The Rams do not have those tools. Gurley is so athletic I feel like he will be much more self sufficient.
Very true, was just expecting a WR
It'd for sure be unfortunate.
Chicago hate is weak hate
[Someone's fast at the Wikis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breshad_Perriman)
"Originality."
There you go. A trade. 
Dear Cleveland,

If the Tits won't deal with you we will accept Joe Haden the #12 and #19 for Mariota.
inb4 trade 
They do, for like a quarter of the season. 1 good game, 3 bad. 1 good game, 3 bad. 
Shitfuck. Good pick, Jets.
Anyone got the trade details?
surprise surprise...mike maccagnan from the Texans goes defense in the 1st round
That's great and all, but almost EVERYONE had Arik Armstead as a higher prospect and higher on their draft list than Malcolm Brown...
Marcus Peters to the Chiefs!
Can't wait. 
Chip REALLY must fucking love Mariota. That's insane to offer for him.
Dude has the whitest name in the draft. 
Clowney 2.0
Man poor Cam Newton, they committed to getting him no help..
Is that shit legal?!
Not liking this pick. Of course I could be wrong, but WR really didnt seem like a need of any sort for them. And isn't he basically a TY clone? We'll see. 
Why are we taking so long? How hard is it to write down Vic Beasley?
There is no wrong type of coke machine
Ereck Flowlers
"Y'all got anymore of them picks?"
I hear they offered everything including the liberty bell. Browns just hate manziel that much
I would, too. No faith.
Well, I guess we'll find out. Don't have Josh McCown throwing at it anymore.

Also, I feel like people downvoting you probably aren't just Bucs fans. You're going to get downoted if you say you "cant wait to destroy Jameis twice a year" in a thread about Jameis being picked lol.
Is this like when Vikings had Chester Taylor and I was wondering why we drafted a RB?
He fits our play style way better.
Will be interesting. 
How do you put balls in a butt, you'd smush em trying to shove them in there.
Bless you!
The first half only went so fast because there were no commercials. My guess is they're running the same number of total commercials that they would have if they didn't do that "no commercials the first hour" thing.
fuuuuuuck

Anytime there is a girl on the screen, so many comments...reddit is thirsty af
I love everything about that picture.
Make sure safe-search is off.

FYI the OP was a joke.
Gonna be weird. AMARI right?
We shall see if this pick is a mistake or not. At least they don't owe him 70m like they used to owe first round picks so the financial investment will be pretty minimal.
If the results so far weren't evidence enough, this is just more: Claiborne is done.
Especially because some of them literally started their Eagles entry with "The Eagles really need a coverage safety" then they talk about Collins and say "Easy pick for the Eagles. He excels in the box but his coverage needs work."
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Like I said, your front office is special.
At least 420.
Whale that's about all the time we have left for puns. Get the fuck out everyone!
PATS GET MALCOLM BROWN!
Good pick for Atlanta... unfortunately.
GIVE US ALL THE PICKS!
i havent seen this
If they use up all 10 minutes I'll most likely cry
always bro
You mean to tell me the largest non game day of the NFL is gonna get more people watching than a sport where there's 162 game long season?
Yet we seem to never have much to show for it, Dawg basketball might be even worse in that department. But Go Dawgs! 
Oh, so that's why we picked him.
A local radio host here calls him "black cowboy" haha. Said host is black. Just to get that in before anyone might somehow to claim that's racist or something. 
Drafts aren't fun unless there are some massive trades involving aging stars going to contenders
Mobile screen shot it for me?
Charlotte native also
Rip in peace
We were one of the worst teams against the run last year. Huge need.
good pick, Giants. 
And the circus continues.
It has to do with the way tie breakers are administered.
We neeeed pass rush 
You have to put yourself in an Eagles fans shoes for a minute. There's been speculation nonstop rendering Talk Radio practically unlistenable. It just feels like a let down that nothing really happened.
"Oh well you know what FUCK YOU MOTHERFUCKERS YOU HEAR ME? YOU KNOW HOW HARD IT IS TO PREDICT THIS FUCKING SHIT? I FUCKING HATE ALL OF YOU. FUCK THE DRAFT, FUCK THE NFL AND FUCK THESE FUCKING ROOKIES. KIPE OUT THIS BITCH"

Proceeds to throw pen across desk and then toss chair into crowd below.
HOLY FUCKING FUCKER FUCK
Making Goodell look like the baby man he is 
I know we're supposed to be rivals but your guys' gifs are hilarious.
Lol at this thread calling Wayne's a potential bust and that he can't tackle because they just watched some cherry picked video of the worst plays of his career that Gruden dug up. Waynes is an absolute stud in coverage and one of the best college corners I've seen at defending deep balls. He has made some nice tackles too, including a great one against Braxton Miller last year in the BTCG. He'll get better at it. 
Carolina drafts....... special teams. Next up. Holder.
He fell, but not too far.
I'd prefer him, but would still be very happy with Brown.
Wish they did too but maybe no one was going for the pick
boooo
Melvin Gordon is going to be a beast complementing Rivers and Gates
It's just I understand BPA, but I was all in on Vic Beasley because he is a need. McCagnan did let the clock run down to :36 seconds so I think they wanted to trade down. 
Jets benefit from the mistakes of others. I bet they never imagined he'd fall to them.
I don't play in the NFL though.
Gruden and Mel going at it.
TRADE TRADE TRADE TRADE
I'd throw Strong in, too.
WHAT GURLEY!?!
its ok i still luv u
You already have a Peterson. Don't be greedy. 
He looks like Blaster of Master-Blaster
I'm really loving these jerseys 
He was my sleeper keeper. Sheeeeeit
No more nonsense of people saying that RBs are undervalued and don't go in the first.
Yeah I think I remember seeing that in some behind-the-scenes thing a year or two ago
I fail to understand how this is "LOL". Possibly the best WR in the draft, and a HUGE need for the team.
Good pick for the Phins.
God no dont do it. 
There's three things Titans fans like:

Barbecue....

Girls...

[And Marcus Marioto](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HVFZI3ENhXQ)
5 min late. Goodell dragged out his entrance.
Don't tempt us. We'll just line up 6 linemen+TEs and rush it down your throats.
Dolphinately expected that pick.
In case anyone wants to learn about the newest Patriot.
http://espn.go.com/blog/big12/post/_/id/93117/despite-immense-talent-football-isnt-first-for-texas-malcom-brown
He reminds me of Ziggy. We international now. 
So Goodell can go "NO, do it again, and do it right this time!"
Me too!
This is why you fail.
Poor zach :(
Um..Steven Jackson
Woot! You called it!
Cool sounds like he'll be a good player for us especially if he's versatile like that. I feel like our D plays best when Capers takes players and shifts them around a lot (C.Woodson, Clay towards the end of last year).

I didn't read anything about him leading up to the draft since we're set at safety.
You mean Carr + Cooper right? 
This is the spoiler thread
he'll just retire
that suit is fresh as fuck
Oakland is about to turn into Baltimore... Which is saying something Baltimore....
Jesus, Kiper comparing a college WR to Jerry Rice, let's not get carried away.
A lot of mocks consider him the 4th best receiver in the draft. He's a lot like Maclin, a bit faster though. It rounds out our offense nicely, makes as hard to defend. 
Wasn't Evans involved in some big fight outside of a club last year?

Please party hard, Winston! Drink it up like Kerry Collins on his birthday!
Goodell even seemed to lose a step there when the fans stopped booing. He wasn't ready for that.
Serviceable is the key word. No one that is going to scare a defense.
Van Gundy Style
YISS
Shelton seems like a cool dude.
He didn't make partner so he decided to move on with his life. 
Have you ever seen a porn where they both stick it into 1 hole?

Kinda like that.
Sit behind some of the more established wrs on the team and learn from them? Not a bad idea, but you think they'd go defense first.
Oakland, go cooper, pls...

Edit: Can someone get me the username of the guy that said he'd rip his dick?
 Best RB in the last 3+ years. If he can stay healthy he is an instant top 5 RB
That girl behind Mariota...dam
I agree we needed depth but you don't take depth in the first round.

> no receivers left on the board that are worth it at 19 still

Completely disagree.
Makes you wonder if the Texans were/are targeting a RB to replace Foster soon? Good pick for the Chargers. Hopefully he contributes more than their last first round RB did. Ryan Matthews did not live up to his draft status.
RIP Amari Cooper.
Perfect colorways for the gangsters
thanks amigo
:l
God damn it, Raiders.
ALL THE ENDS!
I remember one time when the Eagles had a dream team. They won the super bowl right? I think that's right 
They probably know how other teams were valuing certain players
Why?!? Just take the safest pick!
Laken Tomlinson to the Lions
Ahhh, probably not.
Is that Jonah Hill with Williams?
They're just harping on Kiper's thoughts that RBs shouldn't be drafted in RD 1
We'll be fine. They can't seem to get 1st round OLBs right lately.
Just harping that you shouldn't take a RB in the first round 
I like this pick.
Tsk tsk tsk... Learned from the Sonics we have not, no? YOU SHALL LOVE GOODELL!
They probably feel they can address ILB in later rounds. It's not at all unreasonable to find solid LBs in the 2nd-4th rounds, and they're not exactly flying off the board. If the Packers feel there is little separating the ILBs that may be available at their next, why take one now? 

I would bet they wanted badly to trade back in this situation, but there was no-one there that a team wanted to hop back into the first to grab. 
4th and 5th this year in addition to the 17th overall
Great
That's how close they measure it at the draft dude. 
Can't forget Captain even though he didn't have the greatest year!
Melvin Gordon rumor confirmation time.
Everybody who can spell "football" says our line needs help. I'm thinking Fisher is gonna suit up.
Lay-dees!
Fair enough. I just assumed cause Melo was from Baltimore. 
He was also drafted by the Boston Red Sox.

Sounds like an athlete to me!
Reeeeaaaach
Marcus "Bird Jesus" Mariota.
Hes gonna fall over and kill people 5 times a year
We got that Kush mane
*wtf are these questions? what's a draft? nfl? no fart lane? screw this* "hey dude, how's your dead bro doing?"
Scherff is very solid. Great player. 
The jets already have an elite d-line...
I'm just glad I didnt volunteer to rip off my vagina.
Raiders gonna get a Williams. Holy Shit
FUCK! Biggest blue balls ever
Peyton's gonna be feeling that hamstring real early next season.
IT'S HAPPENING
Aaaand dead
I don't think that was the consensus at all. Several analysts had him over Winston, Mayock included. You can't call him a bust without him playing *a down* in the NFL yet.
Christ Tennessee Hurry up!!!!
Yes!!! If we couldn't trade down this is who I wanted.
good
[Shane Ray's Christmas is ruined!](http://i.imgur.com/NXvwRS3.png)
I agree. I've always been one to defend the players even when everyone starts proclaiming 'bad pick', but I just can't wrap my head around this one. Not only do we have needs for once, but he is a complete project that we could have gotten 10 spots lower
The Jets with a pick 6. Who'd have guessed?
Hey everyone I found the guy that doesn't like football! 
FUCK YOU PACKERS HE WAS OURS
If we get a ransom I'm cool with it, if one of the top CB, WR, or OLB fall to us I'll be bummed but in trust we Oz.
hurrrr durrrr has he retired yet? hurr
It's the happiest day of your life...So what's it like having a dead brother? 
I guess they said Fuck you to the run game. 
"memeing nerds" hahaha
how many times has Berman gotten Alshon's name wrong tonight??
The man who straight up lied about seeing video evidence of one of his league's premier running backs beating the shit out of his girlfriend? Yeah I feel just fine about booing him. 
but don't the teams usually announce their own picks?
It's gif of the year every year 
Finally another trade! 

**Broncos**

23rd Overall Pick

**Lions:**

28th Overall Pick

5th Round Pick (143rd Overall)

2016 5th Round Pick 

G Manny Ramirez (Pending Physical)

[Sauce](http://i.imgur.com/uBkdDkt.png)
I can see this, so I don't think you're banned
Hope the Los Angeles Chargers didn't draft him for his career but the San Diego Chargers did.
is he going to get to play? I though colts are stacked at WR? Hilton, Johnson and moncrief, and fleener as TE. Weird pick thought they would go oline or defense
Might be a little underwhelming, but the Colts offense is gonna be fun.
So when ESPN said no commercials, they meant only some commercials.
Dumbass it was Marcus.
Yay more commercials
Can he run a post pattern?
That's what I like about him. It's definitely infectious when someone is that passionate about their job/interests.
dumb pick by rams im sorry. just dont like to see foles get fucked
Vic Beasley? 

EDIT:

Yep, everyone on social media is saying that too
omg wer they rly? lel
Parker to dolphins, cmon guys 
Dolphins are red now? OK.
Damn, Vikings secondary now has three 1st rounders. 2spooky4NFCNorth 
We use our first round picks on players who can make an immediate impact, none of the o-linemen currently left could do so. I'm not too surprised with the pick.
this thread will be deleted
? All I said is He is built exactly like maclin and moves similar to Jackson.
28th pick, OL Manny Ramirez, and two 5th rounders.
Clenching is reaching maximum levels. In Reese we trust...
Gruden: "The Rams haven't had a feature back since Eric Dickerson

uhhhhh

http://cdn.missourinet.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/Rams-Wash-Jackson.jpg


"I'm a great guy, I'm humble..." 

...yeah it doesn't work that way. 
Good job Chicago, booing Goodell, thank you.
Part of me wants the Eagles to trade into 1 and take Winston.
Isn't too dumb lol
Jets gonna Jest, all that needs to be said. 
YEAH I'M FUCKING DOING IT AND WE AREN'T PICKING FOR ANOTHER HOUR
Smoke some weed bruh. You're not getting drafted
how can they boo that pick
doesnt fit out scheme
Along with Jordan Cameron at TE (if he can stay healthy). (edit: oops)
Danny Shelton almost pulled a Suh on Goodell.
My body isn't ready.....
Nate Washington? Brian Hoyer? Ryan Mallett?
o noo
Great pick for the pats will immediately be an impact for them 
>willing to listen 

Calm down
Remember Whiz is the guy who drafted Matt Leinart. He couldn't evaluate talent for shit here in AZ. 
How can they be into the Bears time if the Bears have no idea who's been taken?
Todd Bowles looks like a create-a-coach
lol what? 
You lie

e: nevermind
Seriously.

Happens way too often down here.
Leader and one of the best players on the nations best defense last year 
Arian foster may have one year healthy left, blue is a beast but I think they wanted a third rb especially one to be mentored by foster
Time to see who we're going to get in a few years once they start to suck.
My dreams :(
But Parker to browns, lets be real 
I'M GLAD WE HAD THIS TALK
this had been a very boring draft so far... no trades and pretty damn predictable 
They talked about him having a shoulder problem on NFLN. 
Why does it sound like there was so much booing when Goodell came up to the stage?
Did Mel Kiper just say Cooper could be Jerry Rice?
GOT HEEM
I hope I see this
Bias aside that was a pretty stupid pick. They could have cashed the fuck in. 
I also feel like it's too much but if he's the real deal I think it really transforms our offense.
Smart offensive lineman are exactly what you want. That mothetfucker went to Duke and his little speech afterwards was smart as hell. Tall got a good pick with him
Mayock was like 5/12 at one point lol.
Lions took Laken Tomlinson. Also got Manny Ramirez from trading down 
But...you're not in Ravens territory.
wow thats a nice tux
I get Shane Ray and Gregory.

Interesting to see Alvin Dupree still on the board.
no pls
#NFLNMasterRace
We're on the clock!!!
Woahhh what!? Jameis!? that pick came out of nowhere
The PAC12 sends its regards.
RIP IT OFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
Or Jed York is going to force Trent to fuck it up
Wow, the Browns are horrible when they have 2 1st round picks, no wonder they tried to trade them
That Jet's D is terrifying lol
Shaq could just quote cat in the hat and he'd still be the funniest and most informed guy at that table
Nick perry and Justin Harrell want a word
The jets do not pick leonard and the fans will boo
best pick available 5-eva
Yeah he's a cross dresser or something 
I don't. Nobody worth trading up for imo
On behalf of the NFC North, I'd like to announce that I now kinda like the Jets. Fucking thank you for keeping him away from Chicago!

On a sad note; RIP Tom Brady. Your division is primed to fucking kill you this year.
Lightning Strikes Twice
watch the name Malcolm Brown
Its probably DGB trolling us all
Boos in the background?
Whoaaaaaa fuck I wanted him
Yep, led to us getting the pick last minute. 
that dude's sperm is stronger than his arm strength. 
Haha his face, ever 
Yes and he showed last season he can catch as well.
It wouldn't feel right if they cheered.
He also has a hella cute husky pup that he walks around campus.
Last year or two years ago they allowed one basketball game and I heard that there was a huge fight, and cops had to separate people and pepper spray people, etc. I'm only a freshman so I didn't go to that game.
Nice value Jets. 
Hell end up at oddesy and mons. 
But his 40 time!
Shit, is Fisher the only offensive lineman left now?
I think they will move Joel Bitonio to right because its are weaker side.
I imagine because we have more needs on Defense, so Defense would have been the smarter move. 

I like the pick, its a good pick, we werent going to fix the entire defense with a single pick, and if White works out, then our WR position will be solid for Cutler, or any other QB we get in the future. 
I'm calling it now. This is the first trade of the draft. Williams is a huge commodity, but Skins have much higher needs. 
LOL if we take Malcom Brown
I think Mariota already has an agent...
Whelp there goes that plan! 
His first paycheck is already gone haha
Kid has all the talent in the world. I hope, with proper coaching, he turns it around. 
**E**
[Jets fans as Williams dropped] (http://i.imgur.com/c5nwiUG.gif)
Is she drunk?
gg chip
Im not going to complain too much but....leonard williams. He'll have a better career
What is DGB?
Call me a cranky old man, but black is not a 49ers team color. The uniforms look great, the gold helmet ruins it and the fact that I don't associate black with that team in the slightest ruins it even more.
oh yeah!!! let's go!!
Old enough to have seen OJ and AP play. How about you?
Seemed pretty boring compared to past 1st rounds
Question for Giants fans:

Who are you hoping for now that the top OT is gone? You're the last hurdle for Shelton to fall to us.
http://images2.thehollywoodgossip.com/iu/t_full/v1392749551/barf-gif.gif
San Diego picks: A Shiny New Stadium in Los Angeles
Need a gif of the black guy's non-reaction in the middle please.
Its the Flaming Thumbtacks, get it right.
This is the most awkward announcing I've ever heard at an NFL event.

Trade us your second for our Escobar. 
Jets are modeling themselves after the Rams I take it?
COME TO PAPA, WILLIAMS!
SIT IN YOUR FILTH 
As much as I was curious to see what Mariota would do in Philly, I think he's a good fit in Tennessee, congratulations.
Dammit we need a pass rush. 
I've got confidence in our defense.

Edit: and now I just got even more confident, Shaq Thompson!
Fucking Dorsett over Landon Collins and Malcom Brown.
Don't forget clowney.......eventually

big ole women
Did you watch him play? Im trying to find his game by game stats to research him but i cant find any right now.
Laken Tomlinson is my new favorite player. So fucking well spoken.
"Nothing can stop this kid besides his ACL injury"

Fuck off, Boom
I wonder how he's going to look pounding Brady into the field at Foxborough
So RGIII.. is he... still... a player
Sick reference
**BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
My guess is that they didn't want another team to jump ahead of *them*. RB is an obvious need for SD, so if a team like Detroit, Arizona, or Dallas wanted to get Gordon, they would've likely had to jump to 15 or 16.
Maybe Dix is moving to the nickel 
**V-I-K-S VIKS VIKS VIKS!**
Good enough. Check out the [Michigan game 2013](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uXpEtBsUp4)
Vikings in '03. We actually fudged twice in a row, so Jaguars (Leftwich) and Panthers (Gross) got to pick before we managed to get our asses up there to take Kevin Williams. Who worked out pretty well, despite the folly at the time.

Edit: Link http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Football_League_draft#Timing
Lmao lemme circlejerk amirite? 

I don't like an WR at that pick. Lots of depth in this draft at WR.
Fucking NFL network online streaming sucks.
Eh idk, looks weird with helmet.
AND Patriots Superbowl Champion
There's a San Francisco joke here that I'm too lazy to make.
TRADE
It's only fair we show up dressed for their funeral.
[IT'S FINALLY OVER](http://i.imgur.com/fso4ak0.gif?1)
True but we never played well enough to even get to a Rose Bowl with him. Or since the late '50s for that matter...
I think so. Andy just had a press conference on kcchiefs.com explaining. I like the pick.
Here comes a trade, its gotta be!
I'm loving all the boos he's getting
Avengers looks sick
Already traded to houston
I know poor guy touch the back of his head to his lower back
That's awesome about Doug. I usually see glennon around 1/2 Saturday's, in the offseason clearly. I always look at him baffled by his company and get a smirk and head nod in return lol. 
[WE HAVE A TRADE, NINERS AND CHARGERS](https://twitter.com/RapSheet/status/593953414704287744)
Wasn't talking to you, TONY.
I also question the legitimacy of that offer
honestly the whole draft has been boring so far. Peters has been the only real shocker I think, Armstead was a bit surprising as well I suppose. I guess Tennessee trying to trade-rape people at 2 was the only real chance for some drama this year.
Never had a super fast heartbeat go right back to normal so quickly
As many that are going to shit on this pick. Fucking frustrating.
It's 116-66, you can't be that bored
#FUCK GOODELL
You're in the wrong thread bud
Roger still getting BTFO
 we don't need no defense
I laughed so hard at this. How did he pronounce it wrong?
Not enough Goodell boos
S
The Colts passed on this guy....
Why??
Its nice not to have a shit GM, Keim is awesome. 
You knew it was coming
Dang
HA!
Leonard is great but really bad choice 
Our secondary should be very solid with this addition. We now have a couple players that can play different positions and are more hybrid players, which is a very good thing with Capers's system. 
The plight of the long-suffering Pats fan. It's too much for me to bear!
YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
I dont know if it is the best idea or not for the team, but you have to admit if Chicago trade up to two for Mariota, it will be fun to see the crowds reaction
pats trading out the 1st still? i thought those days were over. i guess when you just won the superbowl you're probably not gonna need to add in key pieces.
I didn't miss this weak willed, fairweather as fuck family during my commercials.
Wow, trading up is expensive 
at 9 o'clock!
2pac playing in the background. I like.
YES!!! Welcome to DC Brandon Scherff!!!!! Nice pick Scott!
I SAID NOPE 
Jets fans are happy...this feels uncomfortable
You guys need a WR. ;)
I hear you may have an extra Mo Wilkerson hanging around. How much you want for him?
WOW that feels so wrong
after all this shit of course they take winston 
Most of the others are. The 2 QBs chose not to go.
Mariota is the only Ten I See
but seriously fuck Stern
Fuk almost perfect 
But... Bud Dupree...
Don't worry if Parker pans out I think you guys will be the best team in the east easily in the upcoming years 
Some one keep count how many times Adam Schefter blinks in a minute, I counted 28 in like 15 seconds.
Lawyered
FWIW I was convinced pre draft White was the best WR in the draft. Hope he doesn't end up being the best now though :/
We will! In just 24 more picks...
This comment has been saved and i'm going to call back to it in 12 months

That would be funny, but no chance. 
She was so funny. But those bushes are horribly animated, damm. 
Yeah, I soon realized that afterwords. Its a really confusing defensive scheme look, because these guys are both 3/5T one gap players.
First disappointment of the year. 
Can confirm.

That's me in the video
A rationale, good pick. I would've also been happy with Jim Harbaugh
#lackboyz 
Don't talk about it.
Good, after we were trade raped it's only fair.
We wouldn't be wearing color jerseys to away games and Santa Clara is pretty hot all around. 
Apparently it has to do with how much muscle/weight your body can support.
Hey we got Easley last year! And then 2012 we traded up for Jones and Hightower
Get your attention.
triggered
Yo who is the girl to the left of Mariota
Come on, Minnesota, not Waynes or Parker.
Well just wait for the official thread. 
Maybe professional scouts and coaches know more than you?
This means Chicago is in play for either Williams or White.
A very poor mans J.R.
Ok we traded with the 9ers I thought we traded with the dolphins and i was really confused because they didn't announce it.
Dear God.
You got me on Harrison, he had an 8 mil cap hit but everyone else was on the cheap. Harrison will be in the HoF and Maclin will be struggling to get Pro Bowl invites. You get great talent on the cheap by drafting well, not by over paying your talent on your roster.
They obviously don't know shit and didn't watch him play. He shredded auburn and every team. Well for some reason western Illinois held him to some low number. 
Titans have sold out every single home game. This rumor is bullshit.
andre 34
Listening to offers for as long as they can
Yeah, except that he'll still be hearing boos in his ~~dreams~~ nightmares tonight.
That suit...
Same
Chip Kelly is probably frothing at the mouth on anger right now.
Maybe not the thread for this, but, fantasy implications for the Gurley pick?
incoming weed jokes
And now it's fapping material for the next four months.
ESPN just played Iowa's highlight reel.
Hype the player. Don't talk about how the Redskins just fucked up.
Cowboys fans seriously thought they were going to draft Gurley lol
Of course the reskins skip Williams to take Scherff before us 
punt all day bitches
In the 3 year club with you.


>doesn't check profile before commenting

typical Chargers fan.
Peat, likely
I really want DGB
so they trade back into the first and grab an O lineman?
bucs 
Sup Jets
I hope Mariota goes to the Bears!
aaaand he's injured. 
RIP Williamson hate train.
Good pick 
Bitch why you asking him about his dead brother right after he was picked? 
Mettenberger to Redskins would be cool to see, I could picture him working for Jay
It's scientifically proved by scientists 
I wanted Williams!
It's not NFL analysts BPA*

Trust TT's draft board. 
Yea I was pleasantly surprised when the Rams picked Gurley instead of one of the many Russ-killers that were on the board.
Its almost too low hanging a fruit to feel good about.
Boooooooooooooo gooodeelllll
We need OL help badly, even if this guy is like the next AP he has no blocking. I'm so confused 
Cmon Reek!
Kevin White?

His name is literally White.
wtf are they doing with this going across the street shit. 
Actually that's a decent nickel package. 
Waynes was fine as tackler certainly not bad they're just not showing the times where he made good tackles 
Need depth too and Massie our RT is a free agent after this year. 
Bengals will select OL Cedric Ogbuehei
Who gives a shit about projections? This is the same thing with Frederick. If he's your guy, pull the trigger, don't gamble on if he'll be there 32 spots later. 
The advertisers. 
Some of you just got me banned for about 10 minutes because you guys thought I spoiled the pick for knowing the team needs and interests.

[lol good job](http://imgur.com/X8C6HOA).

I AM SO FUCKING HAPPY AND SO IS MIAMI AND SO IS /R/MIAMIDOLPHINS BEST DRAFT EVEEEEEER
Randy Gregory to pats.

Who wants to bet?
Those losers over on the ESPN thread are never gonna know where Alex Flanigan has been tonight. 
Burnett
I have no doubt that Tomcat & Co. will find an answer but hey, theres like only one him in the league so everybody else is getting SACKED.
Great fuggin pickup! I'm stoked about it!
Oh man Gurley choking up there made me really like him. 
Randy Gregory pls.
I didn't know that was an unpopular opinion, I've always loved Chris Berman. 
In that case, he should really lose the dreads, just makes it look worse.
Yo I'm just in this for the incredible display of suits. 
Wow Fowler Jr. before Williams. Makes sense because Jags have Marks
This IS Ken Whisenhunt we're talking about here.
Ok so are we just waiting for Mariota to be traded now or what
Who did you want?
Meh. Doesn't scare me for some reason. 
Hahaha, say hello to the defense of the AFC West. 
Literally, right out of the gym.
This is probably Shane Ray or a trade
Good. Take all the corners.
It's fucking crazy how big O-lineman are. Fucking giants.
I feel like he runs slightly more than rodgers..
UCONN
.....hey.
Good luck Melvin! Thanks for going to a team I don't hate!
I hate this. There is talent available, just take it.
Like what were they thinking? You guys need picks more than anything

Williams would've been a better pick if y'all couldn't get a good enough trade
HAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Probably worried Arizona would grab him
exactly. If Tom brady was QB, he would have instructed that line to set up a tea party with delicious scones and 4 extra chairs, in the hopes that the d-line would come and join them. I'd expect it to work ~60% of the time.
Wht=y the fuck would you even go near a thread at all
I'd be surprised if Oakland passed on Williams
LOL NFL MOD FUCKING UP THE TITLE, SOME THINGS NEVER CHANGE
I thought he was all smiles. 
This makes sense. RG3 needs a good OL
byron jones is gone 
Hey Redskins fans this must be a new feeling for you. 

>Detroit

What about his record overall? 61-58 is awesome. 
I forget exactly what the detail behind that, but cops crack down hard during Mifflin the past several years. I know some people that got tickets the second they accidentally took a step off of a front lawn. 
Was he the 4/20 person to make the joke? 
No man has the capacity to resist that.
Probably because he is no match for Pro-Bowl QB Rusty Smith
Literally the luckiest of all
rip in chips
I remember getting my shoe licked by him, it's practically a rite of passage
Thomas-Bitonio-Mack-Erving-???

Cleveland is going to have a sick OL
not bad
It's a good trade
gregory has some anxiety issues
That is what I said, yes. I realize that you don't hate Landon Collins, but at the same time it was/is quite obvious the majority of the Eagles fan base did not want Collins
Goodell with X-Pac heat
I am so sorry Buc fans :(
Did Williams slap a baby or something? 
welp now what
SMOKEBOMB!! 
I-read-that-in-his-voice

My-post-al-so-works

ap-pare-ent-ly I can't count :(
WILLIAMS TO RAIDERS LEGggooooo I'd be happy for him
chip kelly tried to make it fun :(
Who in their organization told you they wanted him? Just curious
He thinks no one in the draft is capable of success no matter what team they go to lol...

Williams anyone??
The new Saints jerseys are awesome
What? I'm sure foles loves the pick. Best running back in the class lining up behind him every play 
Roger just suspended the crowd for 2 games.
He better not slip past #9
Well please insert video here
Its a Circle 
Come on Eagles. You know you want to trade for this #1 spot.
For real with the speed thing? Cooper is one hell of a receiver prospect that happens to be fast as fuck. I'm beyond thrilled with this pick. 
**JAY LENO TO THE REDSKINS!!!**
Meh okay that's fine I guess we need offensive line help 
"The Titans did it the old fashioned way, they earned it. [pause] By going 2 and 14"

Awww
good thing the Rams training staff has a lot of experience on torn ACLs
Everyone please make sure to report anyone twitter spoiling.
jajajaja
Don't show him answer the phone BEFORE the pick. That is a spoiler. In theory, they could pick Leonard Williams. 
Hip meme, friend. 
Whatever it takes man
I can't believe we aren't getting a RB and have no more 1st round picks :>
fuck guess we couldn't get a decent trade

I'm upset
Before we do this interview, please hold this football.
Thanks Washington. /s
That guy holding the drink at Titan's central is basically how I feel..
You can
Shhh don't tell our fan base. They think he's in his prime and playing till he's 45
Exactly, what the fuck? People acting like this is DHB again instead of the #1 receiver in the draft. I love the pick.
So whose going to get randy Gregory? 
We should have taken Brown. So jealous of the Pats right now.
He tried to go for that cheap pop going "Chi-Town is draft town, yeah!"
I mean we could have at least taken Petty to get that guy to wear a tutu...
DON'T TOUCH WILLIAMS JETS! GO FULL JETS AND FUCK IT UP!!
Imagine giants really take Gurley. I'll die
Hardly need a CB
Because I have a feeling Ray will bust
Went to highschool with him, smoked hella blunts and partied all the time with him.. not suprising
Winning a SB does not mean you have HOF potential. Wilson is a very good QB but he has not shown hof potential thus far.
I heard that too.

My grandma can handle the "bright lights of Tampa".
ill fight every T-Swift hater in here
Raiders select, Kevin White.
Eh, coverage sack/shitty qb sack. 
But flacco doesn't need any recievers
Time for another good PNW QB to be forgotten in Tennessee
Completly agreed. It is nice that we both have young teams so our players form more of a rivalry with each other the older they get. I hope we can play a NFC championship game against each other sometime soon!
number 17, number 117, and a 5th next year. not too bad for a good back
"Layken"

"Lyayken"

"Layyken"

"Lakeyyn"
I'm just here for the Goodell booing
This is so much better than ESPN
Do falcons take gurley or go defense?
Yesssss I feel the Cowboys getting weaker.
im bamboozeled
PLEASE BLOW THIS JETS
HOW MANY BRADFORDS WILL EAGLES TRADE FOR MARIOTA?
*^^^^I'll ^^^^care ^^^^:(*
I think Chicago takes Kevin White 
How bout shut the fuck up.
First round picks for the patriots include Chandler Jones, Dont'a Hightower, Devin McCourty, Nate Solder, Jerod Mayo, Logan Mankins, Vince Wilfork, Richard Seymour. Just since 2001. Only "busts" have been Laurence Maroney, Ty Warren, and Daniel Graham. I honestly have no idea what you're talking about. We don't usually fuck up until the 2nd or 3rd round
Tebow is the only Hiesmen winner with a winning NFl record?
Because it didnt really look like a joke, and more of a homer comment that didnt add anything to the conversation

That being said a joke has to be funny. This was not funny. 
BPA bitch.

The best approach to the draft.
Manny sucks and it saves us 3 million. 
I think he falls to the last round and get picked up as a maybe player.
Man I know WR isn't a big need but I want Dorsett.
Yes he can. Just got to stay under the limit. 
Silly joke about how old and professional he looks. His clothes, glasses, and general demeanor make him look way older than 23
Bahahahahahah YESSSSSSSSSSS

LOLSKINS
:( i know that feel

tbt dez bryant
"This guy's unbelievable. He's in the backfield all the time."

Show 3 clips where no one blocks him. I surely hope he's in the backfield on those plays. 
As is tradition.
Yep, guess we'll just have to wait and see
Doesn't matter how much hair you got in the back if you don't have any on top.
Well then...

I always forget Goodell is a tall mother fucker
Holy shit Gurley
That's at the end of round 1 
I'm not entirely sure, but if it helps him produce Oakland better smother him with fragrant pillows.
my unsubstantiated opinion says they'll regret passing on Williams
I'm watching the ESPN and NFLN coverage side by side, and I've gotta say I like the ESPN coverage better.

2 TVs in the living room master race?
nice /r/hiphopheads shoutout
yeah but Claiborne was supposed to be good so we can still hope.
True. But Amari has a bit of bulk on Reg. 
But....
It's free and pretty good quality. The fuck more do you want?
WELP TIME TO TRADE FOR EVAN MATHIS
Well if we cant have sammi this year maybe we can land duke next year!! Hahaha
Perriman doesn't need to worry about improving his hands in Baltimore, he just needs to learn the hail mary defensive pass interference play and he's set.
Finally a quick turnaround. 
ALEX FLANNIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO
in my dreams, apparently. i thought i commented on a thread about it, but i can't find it in my history now...
Aaand he's gone. Oh well. 
Lol at all the people bitching about spoilers in the designated spoiler thread.
C'mon Browns! Make my unpublished and nothing better to do mock draft look good, take Parker.
L!
Man, I'm not all surprised by this pick
disgusting.
I'm jealous. 
C'mon Browns, Take Perriman
JOEL FUCKING WARD
Congratulations Bucs fans!
WELL SAID. WELL SAID.
I assume the guy we want is still on the board and is projected to be there 5 spots down, so it should hopefully be a good deal. 
Interesting, all I read here and on /r/NFL_Draft was that they didnt want him. I guess SF really likes those developmental guys.
Baha. The guys the Eagles should have taken ended up on their rival's team. 
He looks unimpressed.
Matt leinart is in there too
Holy crap. The Saints are actually already on the clock IRL.

This whole delay crap is a farce that allows them to print jersey names and rack up advertising dollars.
Rice indeed...
But us Gator/Jags fans are in it together... *more.*
HTTR
Yay spoilers finally!
Chargers jumping Houston?
He's not like Charles at all 
Everyone relax! Marioto can still be traded. Chip may still have one more shoe left
Hey now, leave me to my delusions. 
I look forward to our next encounter, Cory Miller who was born on Jan. 18th, 3468...my god...
Bigger shock than Scherff at 5???
Did he just say Boomy?
??? Where did you see that?
Depends on who you're watching. Most of the guys don't care if they speculate wrong, they're just there to discuss and BS about prospects. But if they really wanted to know, yeah its not hard to find out
It will never end!
BPA, can never have enough D Linemen!
Talk about a mistake. 
http://i.imgur.com/vncZ8J3.gif
Yup
We will give them Weeden!
Absolutely no one.
First rounders from UConn and Duke?
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck!!!
I THINK IT'S MORE BRICKS AND ROCKS BUT THAT WORKS TOO
its also funny u down vote all my posts...someones mad about their pick 
Bigger reach than the previous pick, and it even isn't a terrible pick.
Wow what a mariota hate from Mr Glasses. Jay had to put him in his place.
How do they get those 1st pick jerseys made so quickly?
It began with so much hype but ended with severe depression. How do you think it went?
To be fair, we probably would have taken Parker if you hadn't taken him the pick before ours. Then you done went and ruined our day
I'm gonna throw the fuck up
"Danny Shelton, can you tell us about your dead brother on the happiest day of your life?"
Such a Dallas pick, great move though. He has elite upside.
They lack speed at WR... except for Brandin Cooks, one of the top 5 fastest players in the league?
You haven't seen him take a single NFL snap. Mett wasn't great but he at least met expectations.
take 3 more centers please.
Makes sense to me. Replaces Marshall in terms of size and ability.
His highlights immediately reminded me of Randy Moss
Gordon's happiness was awesome to see.
*The Patriot Way* coming through. I wonder who we traded this pick to. 
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT WHERE'S MY HARD LIQUOR
FEEL GOOD. HE WAS PICKED BY TT
Where do you guys think Randy Gregory goes?
Giants were super-high on him, from all I read before the draft. It's almost like Washington just wanted to screw you guys.
Fuckin jesus god in heaven why
we also have about 6 more rounds of drafting.
DID WE JUST BECOME BEST FRIENDS?!?! 
Seems like an intelligent, well-rounded dude. Congrats to him.
Really thought we got Manny so we could get a DT in the first round, but ok...
That is a sweet nickname
No clue why this got down voted . Wonder why Winston isn't compared to Big Ben , since that is his closest comparison 
Definitely need him, great pick by Farmer.
I have a feeling this is going to be quite anti-climatic.
between Landry, Stills and Jennings they're pretty set for now.
He fell after a torn ACL in the Aggie bowl game. He was a beast prior to that. Once healthy, I expect him to beast it up some more.
OZZIE OZZIE OZZIE OZZIE. 
Jets, i swear to god, if you let Leonard Williams fall to the Bears..
Gotta see the drama with the trades between the others
Marcus Mariota..
there goes williams
The salt is real man. So is Melvin. I'm so happy for him. This guy will be singing a different tune about Melvin in a few months.
http://img.pandawhale.com/142489-Andy-Dalton-the-Red-Musket-mem-ByRW.png
damn that suit is fly.
But his career has been.
Ugh what a fucking steal. How did he fall this far. I've been watching Brown tear it up for years.
Redskins select Leonard Williams. 

PLEASE FALL TO NUMBER 12...PLEASE FALL TO NUMBER 12..
I agree 100%. 
Why? They didn't need a RB
Playing Seattle twice a year does that
Also because it is a fairly easy language to learn. 
It's mostly to either cause a fumble (when you squib it bounces of the ground and sometimes it's extremely hard to predict the path) by bouncing off a player, not give a chance to the other team to get setup, or to start the clock with a slow runner so the chances are slimmer that they will run it back for a touchdown.
"I'm just so turnt right now" hahah I don't think any player has ever used the word turnt in their post draft interview. Never change Winston, you're awesome. 
Best defensive player in the draft available, picks OT

WUT
How can you say that without showing us a picture?
I wanted Collins pretty badly. :(
Hopefully the 2 hours of traffic on 275 will keep him from getting to wild at the museum.
For half a season his rookie year? That seems extremely harsh when talking about a player on a very bad team that never got any help from his supporting cast. That's asking a damn lot for a 6th round rookie.
Beasley is the man
Why would they not include Bradford in a trade to get mariota , doesn't make sense 
IT HAS BEGUN!
Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck fuck. 
Hahahah it's so true, good catch
Poor guy, that nickname caught on quick

Eagles fans can breath that this trade didn't go through.

----------

[Eagles Offered Two First Round Picks, 3rd Round Picks and Fletcher Cox + Several Other Players to move up to 1st or 2nd - NFL Network](https://streamable.com/a5bt)
it would fit the rest of your offseason plans
I hope you aren't serious. I'm going to chalk that one up as a joke.
holy fuck what just happend.
Its Jones. 100%
I mean how do you not give Geno a weapon?
More decent than Claiborne that's for sure.
Maybe they should collect stamps or something
I mean, we could use one.
Just proves that Reddit isn't as smart as we think we are.
lmao
Central Florida GOLDen Knights

Breshad BEARiman

It was destiny.
Wow. I love this. Building the team the right (and sustainable) way.
A name I will never forget. 
How does that work? What happens if the offense decides to run to the side where the DE rushing the passer is?
Something tells me this will be Fisher's last season coaching for the Rams. 
i think they have a guy already... not sure tho
GOOSE
On the clock Baby!!!!!!!!
Ugh I'm so torn... Nasty athlete and Zimmer is the CB whisperer, but this kid is kind of raw. 
I would have preferred Williams.
.........He flopped alright. 

Fuck, I'm going to hell :(
DT St Pete is more hipster style though and I don't think that's Jameis.
He can play defense? :)
Can the Jets do something utterly moronic? pls
A quarter of leeway. A lot of places are an ounce or less so Missouri is being generous.
In today's world, probably not. I'd personally keep the questions to football rather than try to generate emotion through a shoehorned personal question.
Philip Dorsett
In the Saints v Falcons game? I gotta see that!
9ers fans were denying this would happen for months. I'm guessing they're not too happy here.
The boos come out. Brings a tear to my eye.
No he wasn't. He was the best player available at a position of need which clearly hasn't worked.
MAN FUCK THIS PICK
If the Niners get 10+ years of high level productions from raw project players and let them walk just before their decline, I'd say the Niners are doing a great job.
Welp, kinda wanted him.
He's another T.Y. Hilton type of receiver, right? I don't really understand this pick. 
well that interior d line is crazy.
The Jets are actually being smart, very out of character.
Fuck he went from his college coach nurturing him to being thrown to the fucking wolves. poor kid. tennessee fucked everyone today
"wow, Dorial getting drafted in the first round. How do you feel about this Mayock?" 

"well, I just heard the news through my Bose wireless headphones and I gotta say, wow. The news would've only been more surprising if I had heard it more clearly through my Bose noise-cancelling headphones." 

"Agreed. Clearly another Bose quality player for the CowBose"

"**BOSE**"
Guessing we trade back! 
This draft....
I prefer Thin Mints.
Or the endlessly popular D'Brickishaw Ferguson 
Plus with Charles, DAT, and Kelce there's enough weapons that there's no need to reach for a WR in the first round. 
Motherfucker


Is he legit?
 Technically his parents spelled it.
But you stab people all the time, how is that any different?
The commissioner turned trades off. 
Seems like most teams are taking pretty solid picks this draft. Pretty boring TBH. 
WE GOT TRADES YO
I'm afraid that if we don't get a cb now we won't find one in the draft, a WR should be there in the 2nd.
Malcom Brown, DT 1 is really good value!
The only redditors who are smart have neckbeards and fedoras. Clearly not the r/nfl crowd.
Really? I'm not that well versed with college players/the draft, but it seemed like O-Line was one of the Redskins main issues to address.
GREAT DEFENSE BUT HOW DO WE OFFENSE?
Seems like the 7 other comments in this thread disagree with you
That would give that dude a reality check.
I love how Kelly opens his mouth at the end of that.
"The Rah-Rah Personality" - Mel
Houstons logo with the colors inverted made it look like the Cowboys star
Nah that was me here in Muncie. I yelled really loud. 
Shut up...you lie.
If BB cant do it normally, he will just trade 32 for 32 because fuck this 
Fact. 
If the Bucs get good with him, we're totally calling him famous anus
Should have been set at SeaWorld.
Cause football.
brady did indeed start, just had to compete for it. 
[Tom Petty is singing for Leonard Williams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWJXDG2i0A)
I don't like this pick. At least it's not a wide receiver...
thats classic as fuck.
A team of all quarterbacks. One of them has to be able to throw.
I'm using: http://firstrowusa.eu/football/first-nfl-draft-round-1-in-chicago-row5aa5a3
Can you blame him?
NFL network is doing a excellent job tonight
No shame man, I admit we suck at run D. Fuck this is going to be like the 2013 Broncos
Titans: "Is this Marcus Marioto?"

Mariota: "No."

Titans: "Oops sorry, wrong number."
"The Rams haven't had a feature back since Jerome Bettis" ... why does everyone hate on Steven Jackson?
The media in Tampa is brutal apparently. National coverage 24/7, every move followed, high expectations.
But this is what, like, half the teams who draft a 1st round QB do. Hell, I'm pretty sure none of last year's big 4 quarterbacks were Week 1 starters. They're drafting for the next 15 years, not the first month of his rookie season.
[**@SBNation**](https://twitter.com/SBNation/)

> [2015-05-01 01:22 UTC](https://twitter.com/SBNation/status/593948563622658050)

> The Rams picked a RB! Let's check in on a current Rams RB and -- oh.

> http://www.sbnation.com/2015/4/30/8525683/nfl-draft-2015-st-louis-rams-todd-gurley-zac-stacy [[Attached pic]](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CD4gC8TW8AAY2n7.png) [[Imgur rehost]](http://i.imgur.com/j6KYot0.png)

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Every time dough
Boykin and Kendricks are the other 2 if you guys are wondering
If I raise a son as a Bronco's fan and he grows up a Bronco's fan and then moves to another city and marries a Steeler's fan and then changes allegiance I will ever be able to respect him as a man.
Waynes looks dissapointed.
NO won't grab a WR. You're safe unless there's a trade.
Tampa bay picks like a jerk in your fantasy league: knows the pick but makes you wait till 0:02. 
Jerry always gets the 1st round picks right though. He's bad at the mid-rounds. This guy will probably be good. 
We're playing hard to get. Keep upping the ante, Chip.
TAKE LEONARD OAKLAND DO IT
Joke's on you guys. We are going to put him on the "Trent Richardson diet" and he's going to be plugging up holes on defense in no time!
Moving to NYC is like dying. Everyone ignores you on the street.
I feel bad for Tom Brady
I for one look forward to offensive coordinator Brady scheming for Garoppolo to beat you guys in Super Bowl 55
And Cameron
We're watching you, /u/NFL_Mod. Kiper doesn't take breaks to piss, you know. 
I was at the Linc for 4th and 26. Freddie never consistently lived up to the hype but he sure had his moments.
Damn, the Bears like charged in with that pick. White?
He was an explosive receiver at USC and is very versatile, which fits Chips system. 
I'm just happy that they didnt fuck it up.
why does everyone have caps on.
Cruise is a little (lot) nuts, but he's a great actor, and totally dedicated to the craft. 
I've known the cowboys pick and been upset about it for about 10 minutes. please catch up nfl 
Actually 100% of Texas is 83% of our name.
I have zero interest in the NBA and still thank you for posting this hilarity.

That was a shitty trade by the chargers IMO.
Lol because if there is one thing we needed desperately on this team it was a wr.
Dammit Ron...
Here you go, Cunt Wizard: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZ1lc6KASWg

EDIT: Also, after re-watching it, I believe you _have_ seen it and were quoting it...
lol @ bill taking a round 1 WR.
Hope that's not a spoiler.
I'm just disappointed that the crowd doesn't yell "WHAT?" at Goodell during those awkward pauses he does while announcing the draft pick.
WHAT THE FUCK?
Oops. I'm tired. Long day at work
NFL Network talking to Martellus Bennett just now

"Martellus I know you said you like this pick, but do you think it was the right pick?"
"That's above my pay grade" 
Cut, uh, finds a way
I will cry if we got that close to him.
I think it's because they both have dreads..
I hear he's a Publix Deli fan.
They have Mack no really WR a young qb needs a WR 
Lol no shit
GREGORY TO NE! 

PLEASE! 

Mayock called Gregory to NE in his mock. 

Naturally, NE will take a DB from a DIII college. 
lol runningback kentucky . goodell is on fire tonight
RIP Brady

F
"Hey let me make a joke out of my illegal activities!"
FUCKING LOVE THIS PICK NO WAY I THOUGHT HE WOULD BE THERE
wtf...
Yeah, I don't expect much for him.
really?
Both Florida teams so far have picked players from Florida universities.
**THE TRUE MONSTERS OF THE MIDWAY**
He will be a soda machine....NOTHING GETS PAST HIM except pocket change
Browns gonna be browns and select petty
Probably won't be "like 10 points." It'll be 0 points and all of your quarterbacks' knees, thanks to Bowle's suicide blitzes.
$
Exactly, he kind of sucks
He should go to SD and sit behind Rivers for 1 year.
I think Dupree will also be a bust.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynSviFCITbw
Marcus Peters versus. Amari Cooper

Bring it fuckers.
Quinten Rollins would be nice, and maybe coming from miami ohio helps
Had no idea these guys were brothers. Black Unicorn we love youuuu!
did not expect that voice.
I don't know why I'm stressin this pick
Pounds per draft slot.... I feel like this is an offseason post waiting to happen
Raiders just jizzed themselves since Williams is still there
That makes 2 picks in the top 15 from the same town (Kenosha, WI)

Has this ever happened before? 
Literally whats left of the jet fans
Brown please
CHIP! CHIP! CHIP! 
Long fucking flight tho
Absolutely. If the Titans traded back, he's one of the players that I wanted us to get. 
Yeah, somewhere along the line I got in the habit of calling all DTs nose tackles. Whoops.
Trich would get 4ypc with your oline.
LOL Colts. Will be trying to win games 60-59.

Who needs defense??
Alright alright alrighttt
You clearly don't know how defenses work. His job will be to two-gap. He can make plays, but most of his impact will go unnoticed. He absolutely will not be accumulating sacks.
Even though I called it right before the last draft, if we win it all this year, my mind will be blown.
Winston-Evans, that's gonna be a great duo. (I hope.)
Sweet!

Edit: no trade back? Hmmm..
Have any of these A&M tackle's panned out?
We need to draft the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man. 

/r/hockey is really the better subreddit though.
I thought it was a chipmunk name? 
Duke
Thomas Davis' suit was fly as FUCK.

Stand up dude, I like him
I dunno, but here's a [video](http://www.sbnation.com/nfl/2015/2/19/8071793/iowa-ot-brandon-scherff-lifts-480-pounds-high-school-qb)
Seriously I'm surprised at how much of a free pass they're getting for that one. 
Sadly it will be, it will be run into the ground I can already tell 
Wow, good call Mayock.

He's actually done pretty well tonight.
Crazy he might fall out of the first...
WHAT THE FUCK KANSAS THIS WAS OUR PICK YOU SON OF A BITCH

EDIT: SORRY, KANSAS CITY, NOT KANSAS
CHARGERS TARDED WTF
It's pretty much tradition at this point.
Williams, Mariota, Fowler, Beasly, Cooper all make sense.
2 RB system.
What a fucking reach. I was wondering why they invited him to the draft...
Man, they wanted him in like the second!!!
Who is blocking for them though?
God fucking damnit eagles
Didn't think about this, and it might be a good option for them. But still, we all joke about JF, but he hasn't been given a fair shot yet. I think it's panic mode if he doesn't do well this year
Definitely a player I want to see do well in the next level. This guy is going to be great.
Can't tell if you got the Silicon Valley reference, but cheers to you either way. \o
That's a pretty stupid mindset to have.

Good pick I think.
Chip Kelly might trade every first round pick in the next 10 years to get Mariota. Chip is gonna make tonight fun, one way or another. 

Also, can the Titans draft MM and trade him later? He won't sign a contract so they won't eat the signining bonus
What does 3 sigma athlete mean? How do you become one? Is it a ranking based on physical traits? Some ranking within the combine?
You know damn well they are letting the clocks hit 0
Nah, I think he'll be better than Bortles. 
Torrey was supposedly a guy with the same problem. While he wasn't perfect of course, he certainly improved in that aspect to become a good WR. Perriman has better raw talent I would say, so I'd hope he could come into his own and be successful with guys like SSSr around.
You guys have Derek Carr, an up and coming qb, he needs a playmaker to throw to. Amari Cooper will be legit. Did you watch any college football this year?
They probably guided him on "Marcus" only.... https://instagram.com/p/nv8hrsyVmS/
I guess, yeah, I would pick up Cooper in fantasy. Why not. Oakland kind of got a little better last year.
I'm thinking you chose the correct team to be a fan of.
This is still on tape delay and Goodell still finds ways to botch this
shhhhh! look at who's on the clock, don't say that shit too loud!
It's tradition, really.

The draft was held in New York the previous 64 years and their die-hard fans would always boo the commissioner and it kinda caught on. Someone else could provide more information, I'm sure.
"You don't know what duh-duh-duhs are?

https://youtu.be/B0q4oibfs9g
Solid pick for the Browns, I was hoping Shelton would fall to 21.
Hard to make a pro bowl as 34de

Unless your crazy good like j Smith or watt
Good job
That's ridiculous
Good lord
He is a reach. But well worth the reach by the looks of it. 
Phins taking Parker.
I'll say this now, you're wrong. They 100% had Scherff ahead of him.
That baby in the background has no business being in this crowd. Especially without ear protection. 
DRAFT TIME, GET HYPE.
no trade? interesting
I have to be honest, I like him more now because of this picture. 
He played safety most of his time at school and played utter shit at uconn his stats arent fair 
Giants could go anywhere. Peat? Waynes? Parker? lot of options.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TIME FOR THE 49ERS TO SELECT SOMEONE WHO WILL RETIRE NEXT YEAR
Come on, one Eric Kendricks please!
Dave Gettleman, too, apparently.


Don't worry Philly fans, Mariota is still on the board cause we all heard Marioto was taken 2nd.
I was really hoping for Peat to be one of those 3 :-(
u wot m8?
Psh. Just tell the league that they called you. Works every time. 
Scandrick is decent. And we drafted him. 

Edit: I know he's better than decent. I was just making a point. 
not at all, this is solid. 
Pats fans, rejoice!!
Wanted him to fall to the Pats. No o-linemen left it feels like the way the first round has gone
Awwwww yeeeeeaaah
Remember that insane game he had though? Like 200 yards rushing and 2 TDs when faulk was hurt
Torrey Smith 2.0
Why'd he call him a DE when he plays OLB?
What if chip was too focused on trading for Mariota, He forgot to make a draft board?
U microwave them??
Dupree. Not bad.
Fun fact, he is a tour guide at the museum at UW. He would tell new students how he is on the tennis team when people asked him what sport he plays.
mariota looks suicidal 
"NO HE IS A CENTER" - guy who's never seen him play.
I thought the white guy with his family cheering was Marcus Peters for a second.
How much grit or heart does he have
Jets drafting Williams
YAAAASSSSSSSS
Just shows Roger doesn't know shit
I suppose it's appropriate that George R.R. Martin is a Jets fan, because they just drafted The Mountain That Sacks.
I feel like he'll get drafted as early as the fourth by a team willing to take the odds of him being innocent.
Was really hoping for more drama at the top of this draft.
Barf.
It's simple we kill the Brady...(too bad Batman always triumphs!)
Anyone who says we reached needs to ask who we should have taken. Dupree, Gurley, Gregory were all equal reaches and there was no one left that would have warranted another team making a decent trade up for 9. Flowers was the Giants top lineman and has future LT potential. I like the pick.
whisenhunts jobs on the line here. You know he is taking a QB. Problem is whiz hates to play rookies. 
of course, another Iowa guy
When they say "pending physical", what happens if he doesn't pass?
Dude Jones and Johnson might make it. We might actually get to go CB.
So Cam Newton is going to have another year where his o-line gets him killed? Alrighty then.
I thought it was pretty amusing.
I like Fowler's suit. I'd look like Colonel Sanders if I tried to wear it
Maybe. Sewing the name on shouldn't be too difficult.
Yeah, because going the Shaq Richardson route has worked out so well for the Steelers in the past couple years.
Wait..... Tre Mason???
Jesus people think we traded Marshall straight up for this guy. We would have cut Marshall, management didn't like him.
Nobody wants to trade up. There's just no one worth giving up picks for; the class is too flat, talentwise. Good, just flat.
##**TRADE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**
I swear there was 46 seconds left on the Jets clock and the announcers have talked waaaaay longer than that.
Hahaha, I'm a Bengals fan, and I love reading these bozos screaming murder over why it wasn't Dupree. He doesn't project as a 4-3 DE at all. And especially doesn't look like the types of ends the Bengals have been using for years and years now.
Take Armstead, Jets! We can have Williams!
BOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
I'm really surprised but I guess they are trying to get a replacement for Marshall.
Cutler is average. We could do much worse. Like Brady Quinn or Jamarcus Russell.
Who are we taking? I'm so nervous now!
That defense is gonna be scary. 
Hey did not look happy at all
WTF!!!???
So that's why she made a Sextape
They make a bunch of different jerseys.
Thanks. 
Keeping the booing tradition strong

Randy Gregory 
how are you guys getting the pick so quick?
Hell yeah Thomas Davis!
As an ASU student I can vouch for Randall. Dude is a stud and came up big when we needed him to with some clutch pick sixes to win/end games.
Since that was lower case, it's true, huh?
I'm happy. I would just be happier if he wasn't going to be wearing a rival's jersey trying to obliterate our quarterback twice a year
IDK. Because they drafted a WR and we drafted someone to stop him? 
That's why they drafted Gurley. They don't know what to do without a top draft pick on IR.
I don't care about losing Manny, he was probably going to get cut anyway. But are we sold that Schofield is the answer at RT?
Somebody please make a gif of that mild response from the lone Saints fan.
you made the playoffs...
Good pick. 
IT'S IN HOLYYYYY SHIT

*please be mariota*
Yeah, I'm watching it live and I've seen people commenting who is about to be picked at least 3 different times.
I'm pretty sure people know before they announce it on the networks.
I understand the pick. Pair him with TY and Johnson catching catching passes underneath. Build around your franchise QB. I think it's good. 
?
Shaq!!!!!!!!!!
No way Gordon falls to 27 now...
I feel like 2013's 1st round was so lacking in talent that teams just said fuck it and were more willing to make crazy trades than usual. Whereas this year's class just seems so painfully average.
I won't even be mad if the Bengals take him. We don't need him, but what the hell.
At a dude smoking weed?.. 
LOL PATRIOTS 
I hate my life
I despise Mel so much....
Lol, yup, that's what they needed.
That's not how you pronounce Johnny Manziel
Can you guys get any more unlucky?
make sure the cat they use is kosher.
NFL Network starts talking about fantasy outlook = back to ESPN!
He didn't. They franchise tagged him
Best C in the draft, could play G. Very smart player, very good blocker. Great pick IMO, even if Mack stays.
Damn. And to think, a couple months ago we were talking about maybe getting him at the start of the second. 
I met a Lynsie today. Pronounced Lindsey. 
The failed to 
Still say that it is a mistake.
I mean... We'll take Tre Mason if STL just can't see a way to fit him in the system. Just putting that out there.
Uh... What? 
neat.
I hope everyone in Chicago is ready to make up for any Jets fans who couldn't make the trip. 
God damn it Oakland. Don't want Leonard Williams in the east. 
Marcus Marioto.
What's taking Tampa so long?
That Bear's receiving corp is going to be deadly.
Silly Browns, thats not a Qb!


Solid pick imo though
I'm so nervous I think I'm gonna throw up.
they're made once the pick is in. That why there is a small delay between when you see pick is in and it being announced. 
Chip Kelly kills Dumbledore in the third round
And bears shit in the woods 
Maybe they had to buy Gordon from San Francisco. Only reason I could see them making the trade.
DAMMIT
http://leanblitzconsulting.com/2012/04/nfl-draft-player-names-on-jerseys/
I HATE Roger Goodell. I feel like this draft is the apidimi of what he wants to do to the sport, tare out it's sole to squeeze an extra dollar out.
Really wanted them to take Parker.
I got invited to the draft...no white girl friend :(
Jets Defense is going to be back elite. Sad part is no other elie pass rushers worthy of the 7th pick for the Bears
Well... fucking ~~you~~ up.
Was Shane Ray even that high on the list to trade up for? He has off the field issues which I thought dropped his stock.
He really does come off that way.....
His girl bad af
Ereck Flowers. He is not one of the top five OTs in this draft IMO. Ninth overall was absurd.

EDIT: Cedric Ogbuehi was also a humongous reach by Cinci. He had a pretty awful year last year and was projected to go in the third by many.
Wow, didn't expect that...
He is but Waynes has more potential and minus the question mark. Who best than Zim to help him reach that potential?

Didn't want Waynes but said I'd be happy with the pick since it means Zim thinks he can make him a stud.
corn and pork
The Browns should trade down. 
Take Williams and establish one of the nastiest D lines out there
Win. Apparently he was a shitty baseball player
thomas davis is a badass
BRADFORDS KNEES SURVIVE
taking Amari Cooper would fuck up the whole draft haha
LIES!
They'll take Petty
That D line is insane
I think it's a synonym for a bad decision. 
It was a suicide scrote
Grab one of Baylor's receivers next year and you'll be fine.
Chris Polk too
The offensive line is still shit though
only two mores months till he's an Oiler!!!
Nah man, you should be happy. Your offense isn't going to be great this year, but now you've got a young core, with some good veteran leadership. I'm picking Oakland to win the AFC West, not this coming year but the following year.

Plus think about how much more you can pick up on defense in the later rounds. Stay up, man. This was a good pick.
Smart pick.
WHITE WOMENZ!
Now my favorite player that is non-Coltsbro.
>Rest in peace in peace tom

typical Chargers fan.
Shoutout to Marcus "Mariowto." You had one job, Goodell.
Putting their hands in the pudding, as is tradition.
PI to Smith was a staple of Kubiak's offense.
Think something neutral. Like an equal sign or a brick.
"2015th NFL draft." Good job Goodell.
IS HE A DE OR OLB?
Chicago booing the Vikings horn sound effect. Carry on.
Reach for who? None of the QB's on the board should go before mid 2nd round, picking at 15 (or even 17) would be way too aggressive. 
It used to be 15 minutes for each 1st round pick, loooong Saturday afternoons.
How is Williams falling so far?... Dude is ridiculous.
Aw, man. That bums me out.
Well now im pissed
Huh? Guess the Saints are all in on preserving Drew
There it is, guys
He's got some flexibility to play safety too. I may hate the Cowboys but I respect a good draft pick when I see one. 
Agreed.
The jets do not deserve Sinatra!
Don't worry, you're the Jets, it's your destiny.
Why are they taking so long to pick? They know who its going to be.
Berman sweating like a pig. Jesus, where's the intern with the wipe? 
Is there something about Dupree that I don't know? Any reason for him to slide this far?
lol and he ends up in Colorado 
MAKE IT RAIN GRIGSON
Actually yes. Good call!
So Roger pronounces "Aglohor" right but "Marioto" wrong? 

No regard for human life.
BRUV
MALCOM PLEASE.
Pullout game weak.
The Cowboys really just need someone cheap, young and average to produce well behind that line. 
Did he pay the refs to not stop the clock two years ago? 
I mean, we pretty clearly drafted this guy be a slot corner in the same mold as Micah Hyde, right? That's the only this makes sense to me. 
This year's 4th round and next year's 5th round. We made out like bandits LOL.
Fuck yes, I'm happy with this pick.
He has Jacoby Jones hands for sure.
GG Oakland: Doesn't Take Full Time
Bright lights of Tampa?
Brees getting the protection he deserves.
Not really this is the first year in a while I am watching at home where I can actually had what is going on. Usually watching at someone's house or a bar. 
So where is Winston?
"I can't believe they drafted whoever Marioto is with Mariota on the board I'm outta here"
WOAAAAAAAAAAAAH HOLY SHIT
Ryan Leaf.
People called Odell a reach at 12 last year, soooo...
Lol @ them, but a valid question is why
man imagine Leonard Williams AND Mack! They would've breasted on D! 
WOW, projected 3rd round guy
Lol he's a 6th round pick. He'll sit on the bench and like it.
>Haikous

edit: I saw that edit dmac. Trying to make me look dumb?

edit: now you re-edit to make my edit look bad.
Schefter just said Rivers and his wife are expecting their 8th child...Filipe Rios spitting hot fire on the gridiron and in the bedroom. 
**DANNY SHELTON!!!!!**
Peyton Manning's frozen sperm for the 2037 draft
You have literally no idea what your talking about.
He wasn't. It was Schreff.
49ers trade pick to chargers
2nd round Ted Fucking Magic
Looks to me like Mariota wouldn't be happy if he got drafted to the Titans 
I want the booing to get louder each time
"Give me all of the 5-Techs that you have" - Bowles
If the Tits don't take MM i guess our pick picks up a TON of value... but only if Cooper and Williams go 2-3.
I can't watch guys please help me.
What about oline? 
Take mariota damnit
Yeah Antonio Brown has zero chance!
Eat shit, Mel Kiper.
Lion Babe, eh?
Yesssss
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
Plus the Eagles loved him. That's almost enough of a reason right there.
Muthafuckas act like they forgot about Jules
Except he'll be 27 when the season starts. 4 years younger than Rodgers.
Ya but they will wait until the end in case some team comes up with a trade that blows them away.
Is Gurley an option for Atlanta here?
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE DL PICK 

FIRE THE FRONT OFFICE 
He'll play guard and not center.
**R**
Goodell bad
Roger Goodell is John Cena. Boo'd until the cheap hometown pop.
Can't wait to hear Goodell get boo'd off the stage!
I watch every Bucks game I can. whether they're shitty or not. 
Glennon vs Mettenberger
"Those two Jets fans probably named Vinny..." Oh man, that's hilarious. 
Makes sense lol
It's a spoof from the movie ~~The Office~~ Office Space. The normal quote is from Milton who says "I was told there would be cake."
I don't think the CBs in this draft are exceptional. I feel like they're all mid-20s to early 2nd round picks.
oh shit get williams raiders!
all three, 
they turned down hella better offers than that
**O**
Dupree gonna win best hair award for sure
Yep and what if they believe Dorsett is a pro bowl wide receiver talent and are right? Their track record on wide receivers is pretty good.
come on Raiders please don't pick Williams

COME ON OVER HERE BRO. I'M MIXING HERSHEY'S SYRUP, MARSHMALLOW FLUFF, AND CREAMY PEANUT BUTTER INTO A JUMBO BARREL OF HARD PRETZELS FOR A SNACK. GRAB A PAIR OF TONGS AND JOIN ME ON THE DOUBLE-DECKER COUCH. 
Wish Peters had fell to us. If Peters, Dupree or Ray were on the board we would've gotten one of them.

We basically drafted Torrey Smith 2.0
*I fucking hate you timmah, I fucking hate you.gif*
very overrated player. bucs in for a few more years of rebuilding.
Someone please trade up. I don't want to have to watch the Titans play football.
the fuck? he was our guy :(
What? Why?
Hey. Fuck you with your... super bowl win... and HOF coach... and quarterback...
Phenomenal pick, Cleveland. Awesome player.
To the top
Some are Dolphins fans. It's not politically correct to make fun of them anymore.
More than just athletic. The dude was the top combine performer in basically everything at his position. Vert jump, broad jump, 3 cone drill, also the 20 & 60 yard shuttles. And he's smart? All draft picks are risks vs reward. This seems like the perfect balance for a late 1st rounder. Great pick.

http://www.nfl.com/draft/2015/profiles/byron-jones?id=2552568
Its not the position its the passing on players who are better. 
Marcus Mary Otto
Fuckin leonard 
A-Brick
LOL LEONARD SLIPPIN'

Oh, well in that case at least it's not Landon Collins. 
What about TY, Moncrief, and Carter? They're all still young. 
You forgot where we trade 1 spot back with Cleveland 
Which would be even more confusing. I didn't see her look over at him once.
You did that on porpoise didn't you
Mariota out of the top ten pfft

Gregory is too lean. He was just a freaky athlete who shined in the slow BIG 10 Conference. 
And Raiders wasting no time...
It's over. It's finally over.
Draft time bitches. Let's do this!
Man like a 45 second delay for Mariota
BEASLEY!
Is SD's draft party in Vegas? Looks like they're in a casino.
hurr durr corporation only cares about money hurrrrr *tips fedora*
Titans select Marcus Matiotto. God Goodell is a clown
They said it earlier 
It's a win for you and me my friend. Haha
Someone mocked Todd Gurley to the Jets but let's see! 
So did the packers pay him or not? Did he have to list the Packers on his taxes?
Will he be playing guard?
We're next we got you.
He mentioned LA but said there is no team there
Why did the Chargers trade up two spots?
lol what? Check out /r/miamidolphins, and our official draft post on our way to the pick. We were all salivating for PARKER WOO
I know my dad got at least 8 right and had the Chargers selecting Gordon just not at 15. I think I got 6 right. 
"Congratulations this is probably the happiest day of your life. Now what does your dead brother think?" .......
this draft is so predictable right now wow lol
3 straight years I think so could be wrong but I don't think so
#FUCK
Dat Giants Oline scouting
Not the Colts 
Is there a marioto person nobody knows about? 
This is the last year I'm watching the 1 round. I'm so tried of this sh*t
"Mariahtow"
They didn't boo :(
I'm pretty unfamiliar with twitter, so I may be doing something wrong here or need to sign up or some shit, but it looks like he deleted it lol. 
Doesn't make his statement false. It just makes it poorly timed.
Chip. I am disappoint.
"San Franciso is... changing"
I don't get this trade. I don't see why the texans would draft Gordon.
Seriously shouldn't have gotten greedy. They would have made out great if they traded the #2 pick who was gonna be Mariota who a lot of people think is overrated for 2 firsts and a 2nd or 3rd next year
OMG WOWOWOWOW
Oh good I didnt want to make anybody mad. Just means everybody in the division is gonna need to step up dline play. 
AND THEY DIDN'T PICK HIM WHAT THE FUCK
Post to /r/espnwatch please
What happens if time runs out on the clock again? 
We all do brother
The Xbox One app for the draft would be fantastic, but it's almost two minutes behind :/.
Where is Williams going now?!
Mariato? Really?
lol the dgb guy got me again
ha-ha and hilarious damarious 
Woo Laken Tomlinson! Go Duke

I always kind of liked the Lions.
Here we go. 
That's who I wanted actually 
Even after a nice interview Reddit still finds a way to be mad at ESPN. 
Haha in her defense it looks like that deal was on the table but was yanked when they realized Malcom Brown would still be on the board.
Chip Kelly has smashed his PS4.
One year the at NHL draft Gary Bettman went up to the podium to announce a trade. As he was getting booed he said "you guys might wanna hear this" in really sassy tone. That's the most I've ever seen a commissioner fire back while getting booed. 
OROY: Dorsett 

DROY: No one, we don't believe in defence
probably should know that it's haiku
We have no idea what you're talking about, but ok.
I hope you didn't break anything when you threw something.
Gotta love a Curtis Mayfield tribute
I was hoping we picked Malcom Brown. I have to check this guy out though 
Kill me
LOL, wrong...
I know what you mean, I'm still angry we didn't get a receiver in the first two rounds last year. There was so much talent and we haven't drafted a good receiver since TO. 
WE'RE GETTING PARKER!! CALLING IT
Hahaha oh god, you fucking killed me
This sucks. Not so much the Saints getting Peat, but the fact that 3 of the 4 NFC South teams have picked after 13 and now I have to wait another 13 picks until we're up.
Now watch Landon Collins get scooped up right before we pick at 8 tomorrow...
Whoever chooses him has the rights to his contract. If he doesn't want to play for them, he won't play for anyone. 
Go buckeyes
Don't give up hope guys, they could trade him after they pick him.
booo no fun draft 
Well he looked happy. 

I know there were a lot of concerns raised but I think Zim and Xavier will show him the way. 
He's making me grin in my living room.
Well I'm an idiot and can't read haha.
Nice to see you outside /r/nba 
>best player in the draft 

K
Well yeah, obviously, but... cmon, I want some drama. Draft La' El, trade rape the Bills, something interesting
3 5th Rounders and a guard to move up 3 picks. Kinda nuts.
Jamie Wilson

Mark Mariato
The Grand Ol Whompry
I disagree, but we'll find out. 

We need players at a lot of positions so giving up picks is meh. 
It's almost like they enjoy being mediocre.
Identical records switch places each round. Learned that the other day actually.
Except you can't over pay out the ass for a rookie.
I think it was funny. You got me bro.
Keep it classy Chicago.
According to Jon Gruden, 1995 was "a few years ago"
He's going to be running deep and drawing PI calls for years to come.
Give that Saint fan some credit for that acting performance.
At least they didn't drag out the draft coverage
Shit I was hoping we'd get him.
Meh. We do need OL so I guess I'm alright with that.
This year might be rough, but Pete will bring UW higher than Sark ever did.
do not like that at all 
Day Ybor compared to night Ybor is so different.

It gets really sketchy as soon as the sun goes down.
There goes Beasley to the Falcons!
>Mariota

Who?
That Jets dline though.
Rolling the rice, there, St Louis. 
Serious question. How does Williams get all of his hair into his helmet.
Fuck you Grigson


When will you learn


WE NEED DEFENSE
Wtf kind of question is that? He just got drafted into the NFL and they ask him about his dead brother?
Seems like a bit of a reach to me.
Surprised they didn't take Kendricks
Dude camera guy, figure it out 
"Flowers at this point is a reach"

"The Giants select Erick Flowers"
Anyone know what San Diego traded to move up? 
You're joking right? Its tradition
I am seriously having a hard time staying awake and it isn't even 10 here.
Welcome to Revis island Mr Parker. 
Holy shit Eisen is on fire
someone find the comment of the kid saying he was gonna cut his dick off
God damn it.
Man I'm EXCITED by the Bud Dupree pick. I love watching the Steelers and he's an athletic freak. If only LeBeau was still around.
Is this the dude who ran a super quick 40, and everyone looked at their stop watches in amazement and befuddlement? 
Well, that wasn't surprising.
"Hey you know that rookie RB we had last year that looked pretty good? Well fuck him, we're drafting another"

-The St. Louis Rams, every year 
Watch chip draft Hundley 
Wow, I was really expecting Leonard Williams to be top 5, but as far as dire needs go, these teams have been drafting excellently thus far.

I'm just really shocked that Leonard Williams isn't a top 5 pick. 
He looks so drunk, trying to convince the cop he isn't
That guy in Tennessee with the soda was on meth
Even I love a good Chicago blowjob. Greatest American city 
Yes, an undersized DE/OLB is perfect for the Seattle system that Atlanta will be running.
Alerts the people there that the pick is in probably 
oh fuck, please don't pick Byron Jones or Landon Collins. Ray or Gregory.
This is the one we should use
We're like you with QB's except our picks actually pan out (please don't read too much into that). 
Hopefully we have Nick Chubb by then.
Can Danny Shelton please be the third Uso?
Wow didnt expect this.
Wtf is all this talk about Leo??

Left End?
did you touch it?
We had Darius Butler a few years ago. I was so excited when that happened, then it just didn't really work out :(
I mean ESPN does know that some people like to be on twitter and watch the broadcast. Mort spoiling the picks.
People really dont like goddell
PLEASE BAALKE DO THE RIGHT THING AND TAKE BYRON JONES OR MARCUS PETERS
That's what they said about Sammy.
Til Alexander goes in the first next year :(
so what is Dupree like? everything I've heard from him says he's RAW RAW RAW
WHAAA?

Are there gonna be ANY tackles left for us at 28???
Jags already have their pick in?
Buffalo maybe? He'd be cheap as fuck for now and they have a few offensive pieces to make him look good.
Berman just made the weirdest fucking noise I've ever heard
"I thought he was a suspect tackler, though..."

"..."
NFL Network Draft Tracker for Jacksonville

Needs: OL, CB, S

Takes: DE

Raiders need: WR, CB, OL

Guaranteed they go WR
I think marshal faulk might cry tears of joy
[Choo Choo! Get hype.](http://www.nfl.com/videos/nfl-combine/0ap3000000480152/2015-Combine-Workout-Byron-Jones)
Could be JERRY RICE?


Are you fucking stupid? 
He means Ramirez
Mariota looks happy
Dude, you're in the spoiler thread...
Hopefully Ray's tenure in Denver doesn't go up in smoke.
RIP YOUR DICK OFF AND SHOW US PICS

God. Dammit.
um.....okay?
OFFER THE SMOOTHIES CHIP!!!!
you got it!
These weed jokes....

MAKE 'EM STOP
Denver took a guy who smokes weed. Shocker
Mort is either drunk or having a stroke. He seems off.
He will instantly be the starter. The 3 RBs we had last year were a 3rd rounder, a 5th rounder, and an UDFA
I guess that makes sense, but you don't want to sell the farm for a player that may not work out. There will be a LT that will work out for us, whether it be on the roster or in the later rounds (Remmers and Turner respectively). 
I would hope. Anything realistic that isn't Gurley is fine by me...
Wiscy fans have been salty about Gurley for the past month.
Y
well this has been anti-climatic. 
And the most underwhelming pick in the draft goes to...
I mean, it's a little boring but we need linemen.
Packers fan rejoice...
We sucked way, way more once Mack was injured. We can still draft a receiver.
You guys have been relevant for like 3 season out of the last century. You're not the fucking Patriots, get over yourself. And don't you have school tomorrow? Why are you still up?
Idk why you're getting hated on for saying Faulk, he in the hall of fame.
Fuck the Mavs. I mean Cowboys 
He missed "Blag blah crab legs"
Because Bo Callaghan might be a bust and for some reason they don't know about it until the day of the draft. 
It's a matter of principle. Everyone else came to the draft why couldn't they?
Ore-GONE.

screw you goodell.
hey. New here because my stream is behind the actual stuff
I hate BMore but I will say that Flacco's deep ball accuracy + Perriman's speed is not fair. Strong lacks speed but has great hands and finds out ways to get open. Perriman is insanely fast, strong and has good hands. 
Aaaaaaaaahahahahahahahahaaaaaa!!!!!
I think this is the only time I'll ever miss Jets fans 
And I wasn't trying to convince you. You're the one who responded to me and you're nobody too. GMs make mistakes. I'm not allowed to have an opinion and defend it because I'm not employed by an NFL team? That's an asinine, unintelligent viewpoint. I'd rather have my own opinion instead of blindly following the opinions of others. And if I remember correctly, Scot McCloughan has as many wins as an NFL GM as you and I. 
OP PLS
I can't smell it
how the fuck did williams fall this far
WUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUT????
###This phone commercial where they have the vibrating phone incredibly loud pisses me the fuck off!
In my opinion he's the best safety in this draft and woulda fit our scheme perfectly and learned from Rolle and can switch to cb on occasions. I just think he'll be great 
You guys are lucky! Thought you'd pick kendricks 
OMG ! ! !
One Pack

Two pack

Three pack

None
"I'll show them. I'll show all those drunken booing plebians that I, Rodger "God" Goodell, am king!" *strokes toupee nefariously*
Except they didn't. no idea why they traded up.
Manu vs CP3, who can flop more? 
That Hate. It feels so good. So right.
Every year we all start to fall for it, but it's so rare for the wacky shit to actually happen. 
Dat capitalization.
now we just have to wait 10 minutes for them to read it.
It's already pick 27 and they've been doing fine so far. 
No, I wouldn't either. Really I wouldn't be surprised to see any one of the three as the odd man out.
Saints snag best sax player in the draft with 13th pick
I just want Bucky to clear his throat. 
Yes. Espn made sure to ram that down my throat. Haha. 
He actually does very will with his mocks. He's like the top 10% for accuracy over the last 5 years.
So many fucking idiots in these threads it hurts.
Best cb in the draft. 
that's right Gregory... just keep falling...
Time to turn off my television. 
Atticus?
By dominating the interior and also accumulating sacks.
welp.
it seems like the perfect time to take a vacation, you are not allowed to do your job, why not just go relax. 
PERFECTLY fine by me. If we really want to trade down there will definitely be a market to move up for him at 5. Or I'll be stoked if we take him. 
damn, the Jets got so lucky.
Pleaseeeee
How do you get Mariota wrong Roger?
Andrus peat for the giants? Or trade down, I hope someone trades down soon, mix it up lads 
That was two years ago, dude
Seeing their logo all huge and stuff just makes me miss the Buccaneers' previous logo :c
They forgot about Tre.
OMG you win!
Getting really worried we will take Gurley 
Very disappointed in that booing effort Chicago. C'mon MAN
dumb question, how do you know if draft pick announcements are spoilers if the official pick hasn't been released yet?
Gruuuden
Waynes
From what I've been hearing, sounds like we got a good pick. We got someone that fits with us well, guys. We gold.
Denver trading up for Humphries? 
If you're 6
haha...Denver got one of the weed guys. nice...

Gregory to Seattle?
WOOOOOOOOO!!!!
They did it to themselves.
Its not like that for most of them. Its;

"holy shit ive been poor my whole life, now with this check that I earned I'm gonna live the life my rolemodels live"

rolemodels being rappers, other athletes, ect.
Hawaiian Air to have Chris Berman announce direct flights between Honolulu and Nashville
gotta fill time somehow
so they have a story
Nice intelligent pick by the cards
Did you ever meet his dad? 
Texans just landed the best CB in the draft. 
happy he stays in Florida. I like when players from the State stay ( and I'm a Cane fan)
He's just making new accounts.
God fuck the Mariota-Eagles circlejerk so hard already. Fuck.
CAPS GIVING IT AWAY
We didn't suck though. We were an average o-line without Mack and were, with Dallas, the best o-line in the league with him. We basically just drafted a depth pick in the first round. 

I like Cam Erving. I think he is very good but I also think their are very good players available that are a bigger need atm.
Okay
Ah damn. Really wanted him. Thought he'd fall farther.
Let's go Duke!
Who is Louis Riddick?
The important thing is, why are there three different people saying "what he say"
People tend to forget there's more than one round
Giants fans... Kevin white is probably gonna be available at number 9. Of the teams ahead of us, the Skins, Jets, and Falcons are almost definitely not taking a receiver. Chicago is the only team who might take White.
Moffit, our strength and conditioning coach did this. He said in an interview it was more of a joking punishment and he'd back any of these guys to NFL scouts.
As a Rams fan... 

Fuck.
Good to see jets fans still know how to spell
Looks like we all just got off Chip Kelly's Wild Ride.
Dont worry my Browns always make for some entertainment :(
This is why all people hate the fucking media. Including the media. I would've politely told her to get bent if she asked me that question
think this is Brown for sure, no way they would trade up for a WR in this draft 
Lol Melvin is so happy. Great pick San Diego
I'm behind this decision 100%. After thinking about it, our D is a lot closer than our O. It makes sense to make the O better when they got three and outs almost every play causing the D to be on the field for way too long.
this is the ESPN thread, there is a NFLN thread or a mixed 1 (with twitter spoilers)

So every1 here is watching ESPN
Wow, I think Dallas has officially turned first round lineman into a sexy pick. 
andrus peat going to the Saints! 
Dante Fowler looks like a wedding present.
BEASLEY BEASLEY BEASLEY we need him!!!! HE IS STILL THERE we either get Beasley, Williams or Ray!!!!
Well it's either everything I said is wrong or you don't know what Im talking about. It can't be both. 
Congrats, you are the 20th one to make that joke.
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK YOU...FUCK YOU
Yea, I caught that too. Funny.
Best they can do is a Manziel.
Panthers maybe. I think they need OL more though
You had those before tonight don't lie.
Good pick but why did they trade up? I'm not sure he was gonna go to SF
HOLY SHIT, NO TRADE!!!!
Does anyone know where Alex Flanigan is? 
Gurley just went 10 :)
You sonuvabitch. 
Come to us and sit for a few years and become a starter when Romo retires 
#FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK ME
QUIT TALKING, KEEP PICKING, FUCKERS.
I can't speak for him, but I did appreciate this tweet by one of our CB's...

https://twitter.com/chrisharrisjr/status/593936575085481984
Lions got a steal
Suburb of Atlanta maybe?
So.... Ryan moves on: Jets still looking to be the Patriots kryptonite.
wtf
**WHY IS CHIP TAKING MORE QBS**

EDIT: lol jk
we did need any more god damn children. the whole point of reproduction is to ensure the survival of the species. if only 1/3 of the population had just 1 kid the human race would be fine
I take it that this was a good selection by the pissed off division teams. The crowd didn't seem thrilled though.
They have always measured like that....
well....at least we got picks.
Not mad because Carr needs weapons but.come on, he was there...
When people put a r in Washington smh east coasters :/
Good for the Titans 
It's rigged.
Anyone notice Tampa bay still had a sapp jersey in their war room?
I HATE YOU
Correction: A baked potato with tons of upside and toppings
[**@jwyattsports**](https://twitter.com/jwyattsports/)

> [2015-05-01 00:44 UTC](https://twitter.com/jwyattsports/status/593939098332692480)

> Webster of Mariota: "We're not trading him." \#Titans

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

ah right on. A little surprised tbh
We could have used a receiver. You could have used a CB. I just don't know anymore. 
"The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are officially on the clock"

Sweet, sweet music to my ears
Exactly. To us!
you got sammy watkins tho.

i mean i think you still made out. dude is a stud. my dreams of having him across from josh gordon weren't just smashed. they came all over my face and then smacked me with their dick for good measure.

because ya know....we don't even have gordon anymore either....
WHAT THE FUCK IS EVEN HAPPENING LOL
The CBS Sports Draft Trackers gives instant grades. A C- for Mariota. This is ridiculous. Let him play a snap before he gets a bad grade. Also he asked "Why?" Why? They need a QB. I recognize that Washington/STL has made trading dowm from 2 a major sexy opportunity, but the idea that Tennesee should pass on a QB as a no-brainer is excessive. 
#KILL ME
Gettleman also got shit on for his entire draft last year, and we know how that draft went. Fuck all these analysts who think they know all this shit. If they actually were as smart as they think they are, they'd be working for an NFL team.
Last time Aaron threw an interception against the Vikings it was 2012
Since Steve McNair a few years ago...damn he's retired and dead now, that's more than a few years Gruden
He's exactly what they need, only ignorant people would think that's a bad pick
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
shit did I break a rule? I'm pretty drunk right now from draft drinking games but still I thought it was relevant since he just retired and plans to go into this as a career
I know, just having some fun. I went back and deleted the comment after reading it because I sounded like an ass. Sorry about that.
10 minutes in 1st round.
Vikings love to trade in the first round
Definitely not. 
Press f to mourn shitpost. 
Trae is a handsome fella.
http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--ZFA0ySmS--/v6wxyozyyl2mqf3zmtyb.jpg
CARR TO COOPER

GOAT OFFENSE
I think you guys will like him
Fuck. I wanted the Giants to draft him
Really? Source? 
With the way it played out in game of thrones i am happy with Rodgers being crowned King in the North. 
Is that real
Same shit just happened to me
That's because there isn't one 
Hey guys remember when this draft was commercial free (brought to you by half the corporations in America)? Yeah good times!
At least they send him to a place where weed is legal
Marcus Pidgeotto 
I highly doubt we won't draft a WR. But a second or third round WR was what I was thinking we would do. 

It was between Cornerback and Olineman for me.
trades are already happening as chip pulls things out of his ass to trade for mariota.
Rams surprise is taking La'el Collins?
 Nice!
I don't think I'll click on this one after what happened last time.
You can't teach speed. 
We are very disappointed in his usage of the royal we.
BOOOOO.... yaaaaaa
Looks like no thought at all went into this 


I blame his o-line. He's become too comfortable with releasing balls while still inside the pocket
Very surprised Dupree hasn't gotten picked yet, he's one of the more athletic guys in the draft.
Yeah man total beef goblin.
Well if Washington grabs Williams and Washington faces Oakland.....it'll be the Super Bowl. Yeah.
"Fuck me"
DAMN
Yeah right? Ugh
Goodell kind of sounds like Owen Wilson. 
Reference?

Edit: I'm retarded and have no idea how I didn't catch that
or that Faulk guy
You're a Seattle fan. What do you think?
It's never Chip's final shoe.

Right 
NEEEERRRRRRDDDDSSSS!!! 
Oh my god no one cares, just draft already
And everyone in Malcom Brown's family went..."when's dessert?"
exactly
Color me shocked
Can play all along the line
Don't remind me, I've had nightmares about Blount for the last two years.

Ehh Clowney was " the best player in the draft" last year. At this point minus Hayden ( not that he won't develop) Mackenzie has played the draft excellently.
BILLS?
He's not wearing a dress because hes a crossdresser- espn
Yeah. I think it's about even. The Broncos got the better end of it if either team did.
Is his number gonna be 420 lololololol
Fuuuuuuuck
So does Randy Gregory fall out of the first?
Of course chip said this. Chip, or anyone attached to the Eagles organization, also never said they offered anything like any reporter said they did. But everyone that was trying to hop on the "I'm the new Schefter and can break news" thing said Chip was throwing Cox, Kendricks, umpteen firsts and his first born in for Mariota. I'm just annoyed at the hack writers who throw up headlines before they even think of what they're going to write after it. 
Well, he had a good practice
Raider fan here, happy with the pick! AC/DC!
IT HAPPENED!!!!!
People said that last year too.
Yeah, I wasn't sure if that was a good thing or not. :/
If they do they are about as confuzed of the definition as you are.
Damn, I don't want Williams in the NFCE.
Plenty of teams who can look beyond that and see an admirable performance in the face of horrendous surrounding talent and coaching.
im gonna be sick
Only reason why White went ahead is because combine. White was a combine beast and Parker blew it up. Both were on par before. Great pick for tannehill
WHEN DOES THE SHOE DROP!?!?
was that a reach for the Niners?
You sick son of a bitch.
Hi :)
This is basically the plot of the movie Teeth. 
I think so too.
The Redskins select Marcus Mariota. Wait...
no one seems to really care. crowd seems pretty silent.
He had a couple of those Deux Deux Deuxs
k im gettin sick of this shitty Cusrtis Mayfield cover
Are you sure? That's weird
Now, he better not fuck up lovie's fucking day. 
Think that was the right call, but man a tough decision for sure 
Interesting pick, idk if he is a top 10 guy though
STEELERS, HERE WE GO!
http://i.imgur.com/LLwXvB4.gif
Who do the Chargers take in the first round. I haven't watched them much, but I heard they are interested in Melvin Gordon. Isn't the best running back in the draft and the Chargers do need a RB, or should they get that Parker WR 
I'm in the slot hollerin'...
Go figure, Chip did exactly what he said he was going to do...
Marquis Marquez
fuck we're taking too long for this
Gurley looks skinny. 
jesus christ

Who are the top Rutgers guys?
Np. Been following it the whole draft. 
Really? I didn't see all the jokes in his draft thread so I needed this post to really clarify that.
1st round RB alert!
Annnnnd. Another commercial.
Kenosha wisconsin woo, really hope Melvin is great for u guys
We'll take the extra picks lol.
Idiot
I bet Shane is real happy about going to Denver.
Raiders fans, who do you want: Cooper or Williams?
Swap firsts, this years' fifth, next year's fifth, and Manny Ramirez.
Eagles taking Bryan Bennett, according to Twitter.

EDIT: nvm.
Agreed. I was counting on a defensive player, or even an o-line. 
Guys I don't want Williams going to the Jets, poor Tom.
It's certainly a helluva lot harder to beat out competition for one spot than for 3-4 though. On the Vikings the only one that's for sure is Wallace. Charles Johnson and Patterson are probables. Wright and the rest could all be replaced.

In camp if he gets injured or has a bad week he could be gone because of there only being 1 spot open. 


If the pick is in why do they wait? 
With a spin move, sure, but good left tackles in the NFL tend to have awesome power steps to take care of inside counters. He can't just rely on the spin move. Von Miller has a good spin too, but he only busts that out maybe once or twice a game.
NO!! ALL MY BEAUTIFUL CORNERS!!!
This Melvin Gordon commercial is awkward considering Gurley just got picked 
Shad Kaan looks like a straight up pimp.
What the fuck are you watching?
Stands up too much. He's all upside, no tape. Super easy for him to go to the wrong team and be huge bust. I don't think that happens in Pitt though. 
OMG we're letting the clock run out
Combination of bad draft picks, the draft being held yearly in New York earlier in history (I think it was like from 1965-1995 or something), and the fact that it's just become a tradition.
I'll fear Clowney when he actually proves he's healthy (and he may very well do that next year). Vince doesn't rush the passer. Watt, however... hold me.
Long snapper
Say the kilt is cultural all you want, it's just hard to find pants in that size.
6 picks ... hard to say with trades. good chance
He single handedly put the team on his back, from a fucking WR position.
E#@IU#@iuy1y2uh2k3nhk21bjk Steelers got Dupree as a steal smhh
Raiders gonna raider
Historically terrible draft picks
PITCHFORK TIME
JAMEIS!!!
You guys just got trolled lol
They hated it when we took Kuechly too. Fuck em!
1 more pick until I can go to bed for the night.
Top CB goes 11th overall in a passing league...

["A reach".](http://imgur.com/K9mBBQm)
Lolol, from Cindy Boren on twitter ' "Measurables over time." Everybody drink!'
Purple Receiver Eaters?? 
Does MPP.org count as a charity?
PLZ FALL TO HOUSTON
...and the soul of an angel!
Malcom Brown or Bud Dupree

Malcom Brown or Bud Dupree

Malcom Brown or Bud Dupree
And you how many do you have? Child please, if you got slapped with all 5 of our rings you'd be screaming attempted murder. 
Now Denver needs to get Josh Gordon.
Someone's ripping his dick off! I'm shocked they passed on Williams.
Marcus Mariato? WHAT THE HELL ROGER THAT WAS AWFUL!
GREAT PICK. That's how you do it Cleveland. 
What should I write about?
aww I kinda wanted Kevin Johnson
terrible comparison
Carr to Cooper would be fun too
Give me Leonard Williams
Fuck you killing the suspense man
Gurley repping Tarboro, North Cackalacky baby!!
Tampa on the clock baby, it's finally all happening
They probably caught him with some weed
When you get Calvin and Rodgers twice a year each, no shit you're going corner. 
Really good question I'd also like to know. 
I love Gruden's passion...but he seems to think every team is close to winning the Superbowl. Also every player picked is a locked-in stud for the foreseeable future.
GREAT PICK! Who I wanted!
it worked I guess...
Can't imagine anything else.

EDIT: Wow, guess not.
Shit, I'm just glad the Bears missed him. Of course, White/Gregory/Ray/Dupree/Beasley is not much better, but still.
For people wondering why SD moved up: Houston would've traded down to a team like the Cowboys. The Cowboys wanted Gordon. Mystery solved. 
Are Steve Keim and Bruce Arians long lost brothers?
that comment has been deleted 
Its not too late to trade. They might be waiting to see who the Browns and the Eagles still have available to them at their picks.
YEA
jones? fast ~~physical~~(mixed with someone else apparently) and smart.

randall apparently compares well with jenkins.

sproles, agreed, he's gonna be on the field a lot more this year which is why im unsure why the eagles needed a receiver in the first round. only so many slots available.
Weak division, don't think much of that stat. Scouts have noted why he is not a 1st for awhile now. 
Well that was a fun 4 months. Goodnight everyone!
Pic?
Jameis seems so...dumb
Fuck. Dupree to the Steelers.
Patriots traded out first round
I really hope the bears don't get Williams.
What's better about it? Serious question. 
Umm, Eric Kendricks?
He's said repeatedly that he wanted to play for us...
WE SKRONG!
 #LiteralHumbleBrag
Yeah I don't know. I thought Collins would've been the guy.
Was that a giant rat? What a shitty mascot. 
LOL!?!
The line wasn't nearly as bad as people made it out to be, but RT is the one position that really needed the upgrade. 
But anyways, Steven Jackson... Marshall Faulk... Jerome Bettis... When did you not have a "real" RB? The past two years if you don't think Mason and Stacy are any good. That's not too bad.
Looks like win win unless we trade down for Gurley or Armstead then you're big trouble.
Kind of. We really only have Johnson and Hilton as established guys. Carter and Moncreif have some potential, but WR should have been a position we addressed in the 5th round and on.
...Yes
I have a white girlfriend. No invite to the draft.
No you're right, he doesn't. F------
Fuck off get to the pick!
That's why I bought NFL game rewind, really getting into the meat of football strategy and analysis, its fun if you have a bit of money to burn.
best catch a bears player has made in years
With Mason and Stacy?

I don't like it honestly.
Zierlein doing pretty well though on predicting the draft and analyzing team needs. 
Al Davis lives on
They swap because they have the same record
Alright now it's the Texans turn, Parker or Gordon were who I wanted us to draft but their gone so I think we go either Bud Dupree or Shane Ray. I think Perrmine or Dorsett could be possilities as well
I feel like I'm not getting it, because that sounds really dark.
where is every body getting this info about the picks from?
Matt Ryan GOAT smiler. 
For sure but Reggie falls in love with someone (hayden) and gives 0 fucks If the GOAT is there to grab
As a West Virginia alumni this kinda blows to be honest.
well, the nr 5 pick has almost always been a bust so, good luck Redskins 
very good punt returner too
Gurley's suit game is on point
Trade down! Love it! What did we get?!
Can't the Titans still trade Mariota?
Well, Mack is gone after this year so I guess that's why.
I'm willing to bet money this is what was actually said.
who
It's a me, Marcus Marioto!
Same here. So close...
I think people still dream of being able to run press man coverage. They hoped that the Pats would draft a big CB, so make this more likely. Without big strong conners, it look like the Pats are going back to the "bend but not break" zone coverage style. 

There is still a chance that they draft Rowe. 
Yeah, you guys were one of the worst teams in the NFL last year. But you beat us so now you think you're on the up and up, congrats. 
A center who very realistically may be gone after this year. And Erving will likely play at guard until that time. Pretty savvy move all around.
No one with the 'S'? This is so Browns. Good pick up on Shelton, though.
like someone just told him his dad is dead
Crabs are a very calorie low food. Something tells me Russell was enjoying a little too much In-N-Out.
We need defense

We need a big DL and a run stopping safety and pass rush

Brown and Collins and Gregory all available

It's perfect! How can we fuck this up?

Annnnnnd more offense.
Mr. Roboto
\#TeamChaos
RIP Brady
this improves the Offence so much 
I haven't heard a peep about Gregory yet.
Jesus christ. 
We need everything, but we at least have a starting NT. We didn't have a starting ILB. 
There goes my pick for the Pats. 
The best. Maybe ever. Foreal. 
I get a little excited that he gets drafted this early, and the I realise I've been duped again
These guys do know that they used to have Jackson? They had a beast back not too long ago...
Nice. Any Broncos fans have info on Manny?
He [confirmed](https://mobile.twitter.com/PaulKuharskyNFL/status/593939588164538368) this in the post pick press conference. 
YESSSSSSSSSSS
I would have came all over these walls for Cooper.
Are you a Packer fan now? He plays fairly well against the rest of the NFCN.
Would have gone dupree at 13 but anthony or kendricks was fine by me at 31. Apparently peat is the real deal at LT. If so we can move armstead to RT and pull strief in to LG. could be big. 
I wonder if the networks force this, to be honest. ESPN wouldn't be able to babble if Bucs automatically selected.
Watching the Seahawks live feed and they had an interesting reaction when his name was called out. I think they definitely wanted him.
He could've waited one more pick :(
Infamous
"You know what a good Carr is? A Cooper!" - Gruden's sponsorship next year.
I wanted the vikings to take him in round 2. Stupid colts.
They've been expected to be shit for the last two years at least.
>San Francisco from San Diego

Got that backwards homey.
So far Gettlemen's drafts and free agency signings have worked out. I have zero reason to doubt the picks this year. If a receiver or lineman was #1 on the board I'm sure they would have drafted him. 
Exactly. Or even the last couple of years with Phil Emery. I think we have definitely attracted a lot of reactionary folks, but we were able to go best player available because we signed guys like McPhee, Foster, and others. If we didn't make any signings like those, we would have had to reach or trade back, but White is definitely a great pick. Screw the reactionary people.
The worst thing that happens in Ybor is a lot of gay men twerking and old homeless women exposing themselves. I think he'll be okay.
My favorite ILB in the draft. God dammit Saints I wanted him on the 2nd.
No chance Strong falls to us in the second. No chance we draft WR after WR 
You got like six hundo karma for that post. You gotta do it, man. 
INB4 chip drafts Bryce Petty
Someone needs to get a razor for Jameis Winston. Chin dirt.
Both? He didn't play very well last year though, but that could've been a result of all the shifts in the OL.
I know this isn't NFL related, but the Bulls just beat the Bucks **120-66**. In Milwaukee. 

Just wow. Nearly scored double on them, wtf. They mad.

Edit: This was to close out the playoffs series. What a way to end your series, Bucks.
Much respect then. A true captain always goes down with his dank meme
on some /r/nottheonion shit
There is still only two edges of a line to rush. and Von Miller and Ware did great things last year. We no longer have a guy clogging up the middle with potroast gone and now we gave up a starter on a already shaky O-line? I'm confused. 
He's trying to ruin our empty trophy case
Jets only wasted like 7 goddamn seconds
Me too. 
Is it too late to trade s Jax for Gurley? 


What do 2 spots really do?
Seriously? Or a safety! Collins was still available! I don't get this pick...
This pick has to be CB to the Vikes
I hope not. It's already hard enough to swallow that a complete moron is way richer/more successful than I'll be. Him achieving that while actually being mentally retarded would be too much to deal with. 
We didn't need a QB in 2005 either but that worked out alright
SF got their guy and 2 extra picks, Baalke knows his shit.


edit: now he just needs to learn to talk people out of retirement!
Dupree, Gregory, and Ray still on the board for the Steelers.
wont be healhty til mid year, Hurts tre mason draft status. Maybe take for a keeper league.
This has got to be Leonard Williams. They would be fools to pass on him, in my opinion.
seriously this is atrocious
time to drop the shoe
And now we wait.
Well. My balloon is deflated.
YAY!

oh well he might actually be a good weapon for carr which is a worry, but the leonard williams hype was too worrying.
Cooper's way better for YOUR team than Williams. Cooper's amazing, and is going to be GREAT for you. Congrats.
WHERE ARE THE TRADES???
Lol I wouldn't blame you. How do you like Beasley as the pick?
Oh shit, on deck. 
Good luck doing anything against that defense 
Lions? Will you take Malcom Brown?
Sadly i saw him as a first round athlete 3rd round receiver. I think he busts and we just wasyed our dirst top 10 pick in awhile
Yes. He grew up a Jets fan
I, for one, am surprised...
I've been assuming Dupree. No way Texans go d-line.


Not when you make 15 mil/year
Jameis Winston selected #1 overall by the Bucs, decides to play LaCrosse instead.
Mariota hype train is ready to leave the station better get on now y'all 
Chicago has to be so pissed. Two years in a row
You gotta get that triple digit lead in the first half to be a serious contender
We misjudged him as actually having a conception of the concept of "need." Normally I'm all for BPA but unless cooper or white fell to us there is just no justification for taking a first round flyer who will basically in the best case be a poor mans TY and at worst will be lucky to be the 7th or 8th receiving option for us. Literally every other position that wasn't QB, K or P would have made me happier
SEAHAWKS FANS ARE TRIGGERED
I can say for certain that this dudes got a winning smile and a great attitude. Wish him all the best. 
White, not bad. 
.......*yet.*
http://youtu.be/4jcq8M_JpFs

Goosebumps. 
there goes Jag's king's ransom.
I agree with that, hopefully he does end up somewhere decent and does well. 
I'm not sure, but I think Alex Flanagan is an old, old, wooden ship.
The Rams already had RBs. I don't get it. They could of taken Andrus Peat.
I really hope we don't draft White. 
Damn I wanted a Collins Dix reunion 
Yeah, that's not nearly as bad...
Completely disagree. The Pats go on need all the time and it's why we've stayed at such a high level for such a long time
I predicted it before his last year of College.
If he Titans pick Mariota and try to trade him after the draft, I'm going to freak out. The trade speculation has to end tonight. I don't even care what happens....
He makes $44m a year. He's literally so out of touch that he doesn't even know the guy's name. 
I would have loved to trade up for him...am pissed they took him, but am happy they have the drafting skills of a wombat. The shit they do boggles my mind sometimes. 
I'm interested 
Except the 26th pick is way less valuable
He also said 'marioto'
Anquan Boldin on the Ravens. Wayne and Harrison for the colts. Donald Driver and Greg Jennings for Green Bay. They didn't win but Randy Moss on the pats.
Ha. Nope!
What a great pick
THIS IS THE SECOND YEAR IN A ROW SOMEBODY DID THIS TO US
The Eagles are reportedly drafting a genie, which they will then ask for unlimited draft picks. Genius, Chip!
Yeah picking the consensus best player available. Sooooo predictable.
Interview just after getting drafted. 

http://youtu.be/bzymntbD-uU
him and irsay met up to do some blow.
They were already set at WR and run defense has been their fatal flaw for oh a decade or so.
You fucking Patriot fans are making it really hard to hate you lol. I feel like all you guys saying nice stuff about us is some sort of Bill Belichick mind fuck. But you guys are the only ones I see consistently giving us props for the moves we've made.

I'd like to add that I hope Charles Woodson sacks Brady, picks up his own FF, and runs it in for a TD. Then we'll be even for the tuck game ;) 
start flippin
Same dude. My hands are shaking.
Goodell's wife is so sick of him she makes him sit in the corner and watch while she has sex with random guys she met at the bar earlier in the night. 
Williams watch continues on!
That's a really weird thing to say, but okay.
Wait...so where do the Giants have their party?
Clemmings too.
We've taken one defensive player in the first four rounds under Grigson. Bjorn Werner is the only guy we've drafted before round 5 in three years.
[Me during the national anthem](http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/america-boner.gif)
Great pick, the Vikings needed CB help and he was the best available.
in my bed
A trade! Stuff is happening!
Thank you Tennessee for saying, "no."
They can't all be like that. Plus, they don't pay these guys to talk. (But they might fine them if they don't IE lynch)

Besides look at dez. He can talk ON the field, but put a mic in his face and he has trouble. I think he's gotten better over time tho 
The place where weed is legal 
I love it.
MORE DLINEMEN. NO NEED FOR OFFENSE 
A lot of them still are. Marioto and Winston just chose to do private events with their families instead.
Thats what i figured. As a Longhorn fan i dont trust my judgment on this heh.
The Cleveland Browns elect to draft nobody in fear of off-season issues. Will forfeit pick
Ground floor
This hotels.com commercial every time is making me contemplate suicide 
so much for spoilers I guess, no one knows shit
God I hope its actually a fight

Edit: The boxing match to clarify you heathens
The Browns didn't take a QB in the 1st? This must be a dream
Trade with the Browns? Get two guys they want back to back and we can get better value later?
that bucs fan whom ive dubbed Pylon-Man would take issue
i was saying "og-booo-ee"
Might be a QB for the 5th year option
no i kile you
I am shocked. Shocked!

Well, not that shocked.
I'm so happy we got Agholor! He's going to be special for sure!
[Marioto...](http://gfycat.com/FearfulImperturbableCleanerwrasse)
Oakland Raidahs

-Jon Gruden
The Oakland Raiders are slowly becoming one of the smartest drafting teams. I can't believe how right they are here. Williams is better overall player but giving Carr a player like Cooper just makes too much sense. Great pick. 

(Now let Williams keep sliding to #9!!!)
Damn I wanted the Giants to get Scherff
Was listening to it in the car, was like "wtf, how does he not know how to pronounce his name, wait, was I fucking it up alll this time? Oh wait (as the announces start talking about MariotA instead of MariotO), that guy is just a turd"
True. I'm talking about last five years specifically.
Also, Han dies (maybe...idk that's what I heard)
Apparently a lot of Jets fans made the trip actually.
Chip probably just murdered someone.
Greg Olsen
Jesus. Could Eisen have been more awkward talking about Collin's ex being murdered?
probably Janikoswki

leonard williams must have really fucked up shoulders. Keep in mind he never did the bench press at the combine or his pro day
How the fuck do you have commercials during the draft? 
Shereff?
http://www.manray.net/images/man-ray.jpg
The way they're trying to act like they don't already know the pick
Someone needs a new hobby
KELLYS HEROES CMON CHIP
Why are people trying to pass off they have "sources" when they're really just talking about [this guy?](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate)
NOT EXCITING ENOUGH!
I'M PRAYING FOR TOM 
Gurley!


YES I AM YES I AM YES I AAAMMM
NFL Teams: "Don't even leave the fucking podium Rog, just keep this shit moving."
Why bother, you already have the first coming.
Thats possibly the saddest thing I've ever seen...
AWW YIS TIME FOR THE BEST SONG EVER! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-2RGFNyaGU
We are OK 
Shit
So funny
commercial free for the next hour
I mean I hope he can improve but I wonder if he really was the best player available.
Wait why is everyone surprised that Armstead got drafted there? Every single mock I've seen has had him going to San Fran and don't most people have him rated as one of the top dlineman this year? Why does everyone hate him lol? Go ducks!
Lol Minnesota drafted a guy from WI!!! /s
This is taking foreverrrrrrr...
So NFL teams didnt fall for the bullshit that Leonard Williams is the best player in the draft. Good to know.
I like that purple. He probably is wearing one accessory too many, but that's a great color on him. And I don't watch college football, so that's about as deep as I can go on the commentary.
Colts to Patriots: Here, have more defense, we don't want it.

sigh....
That was fucking quick Raiders
Good Pick Dolphins. He's basically a Alshon Jeffery clone
Holy fuck we don't care.
Fowler I think
Oh my god!!! Leonard Williams is still there! 
Hmmm test it
Well, here's hoping Rhodes/Waynes will be the best CB duo in the next year or two.
Beasley. He was our top realistic player heading in to the draft according to most. Unless we are going to make the move to get Irvin from the Seahawks, we need him.
Give it time
noticed that immediately. What an idiot
Everyone says Brown. So Chip won't draft him. Maybe he takes that Guard from Duke?
The raiders didn't want him either I guess. 
Can't really blame him..
It's a good pick, maybe a little disappointing in the first round with the Brows other needs - but it's certainly solid. 

Still it's funny that the browns were the first to be disappointed. 
Do explain how this is LOL
Due to a heart condition.
If Vince McMahon ran the NFL, the Browns would contend every year for sure.
Yeah. He was a douche and lost his band, that's why.
Another player with knee problems for the Rams. 
That it is. You can just go to the nfl.com stream though: http://www.nfl.com/draft/2015/live?icampaign=draft-sub_nav_bar-drafteventpage-live
Who tf do we take now?
Id go to more Browns games if they had a pool.
And Cam
SOON I GOT TO GET MY PROPS

COPS COME AN TRY TO SNATCH MY CROPS


light drum roll*
ROGER ARE YOU READING THIS? IT WOULD BE FASTER IF YOU NEVER LEFT THE STAGE KTHX BYEEEEEE
I liked it. Probably not necessary for the rest of the draft, but day 1 absolutely.
CB, DT what the hell we getting?
Seriously. I wanted him for us, he's my favorite ILB in the draft. Dude's smart and has great instincts.
Aren't they graded about the same?
https://i.imgur.com/0tlqT2F.gifv
Yeah, I don't get that. What's the body-type they don't like... massive and athletic?? The guy is a human eclipse.
Rayland in the crowd cheering 
I see you St. Louis
He was a GM for the Eagles and another team. Also played for Gruden on the Bucs.
Clocks running down they have to snap the ball now... Carr.. drops back... Cooper in the endzone!?! HE CAUGHT IT!!! HE CAUGHT IT!!! OH MY GOD I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!!! CARR TO COOPER!! AC DC! RAIDERS WIN THE SUPERBOWL
Hope so...lol
That sounds like a shaving cream commercial. 
[How do you remember your username?](http://replygif.net/i/1400.gif)
Google tells me janikowski at 17th in the first.
WHICH DIRECTLY COINCIDES WITH HOW LONG HE REMEMBERS THINGS.
I'll always remember where I was...
Yeah sorry. I grew up with them being Pac-10 and it's a hard habit to break. I still call the B1G the Big Ten sometimes.
Thats seems weird the #1 + #2 pick wouldn't want their moment on stage. Just because its in Chicago?
Not to mention Marshall Faulk 
I had no idea. Thanks!
Maybe they meant homegrown RBs? 
Smoke weed? Come to Denver
And he can't dance!
I is sad and drunk. Would've rather gotten a defensive player at 13 and then an OL at 31
I hope he doesn't have Aldon's problems.
Can you explain how an unsigned non exclusive franchise tag means he is 'on your team'. 

I thought players had to sign contracts before they were on a team - can you explain how Dez doesnt have to sign a contract to play for you guys?

Edit: What kind of fines is he subject to if he misses mandatory workouts and/or games before he signs the contract?
Lol Deion pushing these guys for intelligent answers is starting to become the best part of the draft.
Mr. Bean is a Jets fan?
Maybe we should get one of Philly's keepers. Wait....where are we?
Because he's not black enough
I wish chip would've traded up, this thread would be so much better 
Has to be more than any other school right? Good on them. 

All I know is FSU and UF have 2 each 
I feel bad for him. I wish him all the luck
Ybor has turned super ratchet. 
He would sooner die than block so its all good
How do you not know how to say his name.
That's a really smart pick for the Browns. I'm glad they didn't mortgage their franchise again for Domo Marioto. 
Come on Rams, take Shelton 
Sanchez
What's the record for most picks in a draft before a trade
[Good enough](http://41.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lemv43BMEz1qcfkomo1_500.jpg)
Rumor Correct! Nice
nice beats product placement there, mariota 
Yeah I was hoping both Waynes and Gordon the Kenosha kids would go to gb.
I would have been devastated if he landed in Indy. And while I'm glad the Colts didn't draft a linemen, it doesn't really matter if their receivers can keep burning us. 

Regardless, massively excited to see what Brown can accomplish under Belichek. 
How far is Williams gonna slide? Jets don't need a lineman...

If they pick White as I expect now, I think the Bears pick up Williams without hesitation
TT we must trust, however, its not that weird of a pick. They see him as a cornerback, in which we lost a good chunk of our youth this spring to other teams. We lost a few ILB, but hawk was already being phased out, and I think we can get solid options in R2, or trade up and get a good one. I just dont think the ILB's remaining are "good" enough for R1, and this guy could help. Im not 100% sure what they'll do yet, but their track record is pretty good, and I have to believe in them before i cast doubts.
I'm much happier with this pick than Perriman. This is going to fill a Maclin shaped hole, hopefully he's a good fit.
The first hour wasn't commercial free either.
I was booing, I was booing loud. But I'm not at the draft, just a small dive bar.
I was really surprised Leonard Williams wasn't top 5
Because SF is a bad fit. They are a good team with immediate need. 
not at all. they're both good. 
Last year's draft haul for us was amazing and may never be replicated by Gman ever again. 
MIAMI HAS THE DOLPHINS
That means some pitcher, somewhere, walked a guy who couldn't hit.

Lel
Man, he looks like a hell of a Samoan...
Bucs are waiting for Chip Kelly to offer them all of his picks
Must be really really high on Dorsett 
I hear Chip Kelly is open to trading with the Titans for a QB. 
Nope, gone to New Orleans
Lol Goodell just got manhandled
DEVANTE PARKER BITCHES
Imagine Josh Gordon lining up opposite Josh Gordon. Can't stop 2 Gordons
Insightful 
The fall continues.
There are tie-breakers to determine draft and playoff rankings. Titans did better on those metrics

http://www.nfl.com/standings/tiebreakingprocedures
Why is he using his hands so much?
colts got two eagles legends trent cole and frank gore!
Someone get Vontae Mack up in this bitch!
I'm laughing more at the commissioner being booed than the bucs picking winston
Crazy like *a fox*
Go tigers
Dear god. This is perfect. 
NOO!!! FUUCCCKKKK!!!!!
[Rick & Trae](http://i.imgur.com/vB9B5.gif)
Two possibilities:


A. You were watching the wrong player.


B. You know very little about what makes a CB better/good.
FYI for those not watching Stanley Cup Playoffs. I would highly recommend 
How dare you! Rex Grossman's dick never gets soft.
he's pretty boo-able
Ok here's the pick I'm waiting for. Chip Kelly PLS
if they have guts they take marcus 
OMG THEY STOLE OUR PICK
Limited commercials my ass
seems like even draft related posts are being deleted.
this is the first round one pick that anyone predicted from him. that wasn't an unreasonable statement.
Womp womp
NOPE

Jamarcus Leaf
WHAAAAT THE FUUUUUUUCK??????
Good point.
And most of reddit gets their information from unnamed twitter sources. I am sorry but I put my money on the NFL GM's.
This draft is shaping up to be really boring
Who is a player that is good at a position we really need help at. 

Fuck I hate my team.
[Patriots traded, but possibly not with Texans](https://twitter.com/JaysonBraddock/status/593974912353636352)
>Damn I'm HYPED

Come on dude.. the only acceptable words among our fan base is now "Jacked" or "Fired Up".
146 comments in one minute
Any teams before us need a safety?
Lmao that gif is hilarious. You know where it's from?
I wonder how far Gregory is going to fall now.
Plot-twist: Leonard Williams is the shoe
Wet
no spoilers of picks BEFORE they air on tv
Holy fuck! I though you were joking.
### TRADE TRADE TRADE
At least he doesn't have to play for Atlanta.
Anymore unique Erics in the 1st round. Ereck and Arik so far. 
Stacy fell off a damn cliff man. 
Titans won't draft then trade mariota, either they trade the pick or keep him
9ers got a good trade
If our O-line doesn't improve drastically and run game remains non-existent, our offense can be stopped. 
2 rings
Is Perriman bald?
Yes! Good pick! Won't refill the gap for Big Vince though :(
woo Bengals on the clock!

Cutler has a new target in kevin white and they've got to be excited in Chicago
420 BLAZEIT
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES 
Not really. Some years there's a trade in the top 10, some years there isn't. Gigantic blockbusters like RG3 are a rarity.
Please be Dupree, Please be Dupree, Please be Dupree
Gotta be tough with people booing you everytime, no matter who you are
Go overreact somewhere else. 
Sounds like this guy is the anti-Raiola.
You guys just had to be boring.
If Bears trade up for Mariota and then he busts, I will be so happy.
Alright, why do the niners hate him so much?
Why do they boo everytime Goodell comes out?
Woah, whoa, whoa. I said just make the playoffs. They don't have any chance to advance. 
I guess Baalke looked at all the mock drafts...
Old spice ad is the only thing that makes less sense than the Chargers trade
So Arizona and Dallas, we still got this shiny Adrian for sale over here, yours for the low low price of *all the picks*.
Maybe not, this dude can play other positions quite well on the line as well. Also Mack could just opt out of his contract, so a trade is not very likely.
Can't wait for McFadden to break 2K next year.
That right side of the line is shaky
Suzy Kolber is so hot

This is Joe Namath
Fully torqued
oh come on. the sb nation guy was way worse than that
Please Browns draft Ryan Leaf. 
But then I feel like every team tried to trade with every other team just by naming some picks or some players
Love it! I was hoping we went Cornerback.
Not sure if this was the joke, but I'm assuming he doesn't considering his political/religious views. 
I thought it was Dorial Green Beckham lol
halo: reach
Neither was I
He really has quite an amazing mustache, doesn't he?
Who would trade for a 6th rounder who had a mediocre year and went 0-6 as a starter
They said the next hour was commercial free. Threw me off too, when the first commercial came up. 
His agent is asking for a trade because he was looking forward to that starting quarterback salary commission.
DELETE
Well that was boring.
Damn you Chiefs.
Curious to see if Mariota is traded. Probably a long shot but makes things interesting
What a... Scary team.
http://i.imgur.com/IbzUchG.jpg
He seems raw but I love the character of the guy more than anything. 4 year player, team captain, seems really mature and smart. Its guys like this we need to build a team around, he reminds me of us picking Zach Martin last year (even thought he was a lot better) but reminds me of the character and good guy attitude! He might not be the best CB but he is pretty damn athletic, set the record for broad jump, 4.36 40. I am happy with this, further giving me faith in our management. 
Then go back to ESPN ya jabroni
Jets forget to pick, Chicago gets 6
Eh I don't think the 3-4 really puts their best personnel on the field anymore. It takes Easley off the field entirely because he can't two-gap, and if you're forecasting Brown as a 3-4 DE then that puts Siliga at NT and Chris Jones or Joe Vellano at the other DE spot, both of whom would get manhandled at the point of attack. I'm sure they'll have some 3-4 looks to mix in, but a 4-3 scheme seems better suited to their personnel:

DE- Jones/Ninkovich (Sheard, Easley, and Moore as sub options)

DT- Brown/Siliga at nose, Easley/Jones at the 3 technique 

LB - Mayo, Collins, and Hightower on the field at the same time, such blitz, many looks, wow

The Rams look like they should be really scary next season

Kappa
Seriously, the mods are deleting all posts that are not NFLMOD posts. This needs to stop.
Didn't some NBA player put his hair into cornrows to match the tread of goodyear tires?
eddie lacy baby!!!!
Well, looks like we weren't gonna take Scherff anyway. Thanks Redskins for making that decision easier.
I went to the top thread in /r/eagles

I took the top comment

*cherry picking*
We needed Waynes, wanted Parker
Winston will be a bust
I also forgot Zac Stacy. Rams are unnecessarily setting themselves up for a RBBC. It just seems like the pick could have been used at a position where they are more lacking. 
I like this kid, he seems really fucking happy. 
Every commissioner in history has been booed
And who's to say they still wouldn't have taken Williams? Then we'd have an aging, injury-proned wr with a big contract and history of being a distraction and no Williams still. 
Dude was benched and put behind mason and Cunningham, now Gurley too? I don't blame him
I DON'T KNOW IF I SHOULD BE HAPPY
Fuck. Gimme a day or so for your gold. I'm a man of my word but I'm also shit outta money. 

Congrats. 
**THE RUNNINGBACK FRATERNITY**
Why is Brown on the board
Every year I think Hey we will address our shitty defense and every year I'm let down, come on a wr wtf 
OROY: [Boom.](http://fc04.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2014/360/8/0/amari_cooper__oakland_raiders__by_btamdesigns-d8bb15s.jpg)
Sick reference Eisen.
Geez, everyone's so down about this. Carr needs some playmakers to help him out, and Cooper was the best pick for that. Yeah Leonard Williams was probably the best player available, but honestly they couldn't go wrong either way.
It just makes it more interesting when he has to run for his life.
i wanted him, didnt expect he would go this high
Center who can opt out of this contract after this year also
That may be Ted's plan. It has been a glaring weakness in our team since Woodson left.
If ur right on following u during the draft
so smart you are
Best player > best WR. But I'm not complaining. I didn't want to see Mack and Williams for 12 years to come. 
You are ridiculous for thinking that a losing Titans team wouldn't be forced to start Mariota "early" the way all quarterbacks end up starting as rookies. It's stupid. 
I recall when the Cowboys took their center last year people were raggin' on them... it worked out for the 'Boys. 
Is the lack of traded in these first few picks kinda weird? I haven't watched a ton of drafts... 
So many boos for Goodell. 
IT WAS SMOKE ALL ALONG
tom is kill
He can hooker-up with Sapp
Exactly! Waynes has the tools to be elite. With some coaching and fixed footwork/hips he could be a shutdown corner. Zimmer worked on Rhodes with those last year and look how he's improved.
just the first
Go Dawgs!
I think this *is* him moving on and rising above.

Own the mistake and make a joke about it. You're going to be hearing the jokes from players, fans, and analysts anyway.
What a shock that was 
Does the draft not play custom music for each draft pick anymore? The music now sounds too schmancy
so switch to ESPN
FUCK OFF 
I'm quite happy about that.
It was a post defending why Dalton wasn't to blame for the Bengals playoff failures. It was posted within the past 2 weeks, but yes, it didn't mean this past season.
Fuck the guy who got my hopes up for Dorial GB.
So jon Gruden does the QB school thing. Is he relevant for anything else?
Really wanted Peters, didn't think Dupree would be here despite being mocked to us all year. I'll take it though!
Welp all the fun and hype of the draft just went out the window. 
For real something is clearly wrong with him if he's falling this far.
He can also sit on him if he tries.
Literally all non-reach CB's were gone at this point
Slick Rick has you covered. 
On the NFL stream they just said that some teams think he has a shoulder injury
Winfield and Griffin was a decent combo before Griffin blew out his knees. It wasn't amazing but far better than any other combo I can remember.
I am having a really good day. Let's just keep this good mood going, Kelly. Everything is coming up Milhouse!
:))))
For example, they avoid asking selected players about their dead family members.
Uhhhh he was no Bill Clinton that's for sure haha. Quiet but good dude.
lol @ the saints
You know what I can't tolerate, Mel? Your hair. You're like a sleazy bookie and used cars salesman rolled into the same person.
ESPN asking shitty questions to try to get some one emotional...crazy right?
noo
Shoulda known no commercials for an hour was too good to be true 
Obviously BPA on their board. 

I bet they really wanted to trade out but couldn't find a partner. 
But how am I supposed to get my fill of commercials like that? 
/s
Wtf... gtfo
JAMEIS!
True dat
He had months to prepare and he still mispronounced the man's name.

CMON MAN!
What the fuck is this.
He is gonna have to be if he's gonna make it through our secondary ;)
Patriots traded their pick, will not pick tonight.
Noooice
Seems like Chip is certainly willing to mortgage the future...
Maybe, I thought Bowles used 3-4
Maybe, I think they gotta go Williams though. More depth at WR and Williams/Mack will be devastating. 
Who do the bears take? Kevin white? 
HAHAHAHAHAH
They just have blank jerseys and slap a name on them iirc. 
And they were all really young. Now they've got a few years and got to learn from Revis (maybe? hopefully?). They should be better not worse. Also, our front 7 is much improved. That has a huge, and generally ignored, impact on the secondary.
I think Decker and Marshall have that covered
Hey get out of here and start working on the GOT writeup ;)
upvoted for Rollercoaster Tycoon. wish I could find and play it again
COOP TO OAKLAND!
see Joe you get more WRs
Yea I thought someone was phoning me.
BOOOOOOO!
We desperately need a meaner secondary. I like it.
I think how bad the Bears defense is on overblown. I don't think people realize what a detriment Trestman/Tucker were.

For context, in 2013 under Trestman/Tucker they were #30 in the league in defense. 
In 2012, under Lovie/Marinelli the Bears #3 in the league in defense. Nearly two touchdowns given up *on average* per game.

I mean there's more to it than that, but just having a defensive minded Fox/Fangio should alone do wonders
WHAT ARE PEOPLE DOING SKIPPING WILLIAMS???????
Please be leonard.
Haha that direct TV ad. 
From what I've read he has better size and a higher athletic upside.
I was confused about the BJ pick over him too..
Like in '08 when the defence was ranked #7 in ppg?

Or what about '07 when they were #1 in ppg?

In '05 they were #2 ranked

'02 when they were #7

And that's just when they were top in ppg, they regularly were top in yards and very rarely dipped bellow the average in the league for anything

Did people only watch Peyton's last 2 years as a Colt or something? He had good defences too
Supposedly the way the rookie pool is structured, it's next to impossible for them to trade him now.
'He looked like, if Tim Burton shot The Grand Budapest Hotel, the bellhop, the outfit the bellhop would have been wearing'

okay...
Yeah! No 6th round QB has ever done anything [worthwhile]( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Brady) in the NFL!
Smoke all the weed you want out there in Colorado bruh.
I bet I could do better than that. I'd get the perfect 1.00 AB/K ratio. 
He is a terrible cornerback. He gets beat way too often, and he's so god damn small it affects his ability to tackle.
Connor Halliday confirmed
Man, i was hoping that he'd slip to 15, but with this trade with SD it's seems they're committed to Armstead
Fuck yeah Jets. 
This is shitty. All the projected picks to us are going so early.
Suzy gets an extra paycheck for every drafted player she makes cry.
The Colts drafted another WR when Collins and Brown were both still available!
I feel a lot better about the Cooper pick. There are still some great pass rushers left on the board. 
Holy shit are the Jets gonna get Leonard?
nfl.com has a stream.
What????
One more win than you guys.
He must not have heard, we actually did end up getting scherff. 
If i played for the niners id just retire. 
Whoop!
fuck eli manning his face looks like my poo in the mornig. 
You mean during the New York Jets pick?
And I'm not fond of Philadelphia!
The chances of him going to a playoff team were pretty slim to begin with. Somewhere better than the Titans? I'm sure, but top quarterbacks tend to go to shitty/rebuilding teams. We'll be improved with our O-line with Lewan returning and we'll nearly positively be drafting another lineman with the next pick (Jake Fisher?) or in the 3rd round.

Marcus should have it much better than Mett and Locker did. 
NOOOOO
Oh my fucking god im dying
First big reach of the draft.
You mean bushes don't work like pine cones?
Pretty much identical to Alex Smith money over the next two years then we can cut him. 
NE ACTUALLY DRAFTS SOMEONE. 

This cannot be! 

Vegas took a beating. 
The shoe has been dropped,

More like the shoe has been placed

Gently on the ground.

That was as good of a description as any I have read. 

>He usually controls offensive linemen pretty easily. 

It is funny because that strength is why I don't like what I see. It looks like he isn't even playing football sometimes but somehow gets passed guys. He won't get away with that in the NFL. Then, occasionally, he's just smooth and you can see his potential.
*Chicken parm, you taste so good*
A lot of people forget in 2013 he didn't star until week 5 and ended up with 973 yards on the year.
No OU fans Hate Texas Fans, /r/nfl just pities the browns. For real nobody hates the browns because you guys have nothing to hate. 
Here's the tweet. https://twitter.com/ZSTACY_/status/593946934819180544
Should I watch the NFL stream or ESPN's
"Chicago this year... they will love me!"
OH GOD WHY WOULD THE BROWNS..... That... That was actually a good choice, you go Browns
http://i.imgur.com/55aYTC5.gif
That's how I felt about the jets
Don't jump to conclusions. What if he was just ordering pizza?

Or got a call from State Farm?
Lol how many average people could name 5 players from any team?

I'll allow it
Sounds like a guy that would yell 'COOORRRRAALLLL' a lot.
Wow I really did not think TEN would pick Mariota...
Go card!!
Shut your butt
not a single trade so far smh

They are all bots.
Should be the best defensive player on the board.
Trade!


But commercial first. bwahahahha!
And knew he was going to Tampa ahead of time I presume?
Good point. I think we can all agree that neither of them have a very high ceiling. 
Shaq Thompson does end up going in the first after all. I have no idea what they're going to do with him.
Two of the top voted comments. This place sucks, because of people like that. No real discussion or it gets buried by "LOL niners fans didnt think theyd pick him hur dur"
Bad news
Gregory popped for weed at the combine, I figure GMs are worried because he knew that test was coming for awhile/didn't think actual consequences existed. 
personally i think he's a top 20 player overall
Thank god the Bears didn't get him.
what did he say, just the weight stuff?
Kiper has to be on caffeine and coke
I don't get NFLN so I probably can't comment on it's broadcast. Thanks though.
Butt people probably like FHRITB guys
Nobody cares
Did well
This is brand new information
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
One year we miss Donald by one pick, and the next we miss Williams :( fuck
It worked well enough against us last season. :(
What line? Wet literally have NO LINE. The ONLY people under contract are Robinson and Saffold. That's it. Wells and long were cut, Barksdale hasn't resigned. There's.... there no one there!
He actually was pretty good at tackle.
Who is on the clock at this point? Get it together, Commish
They should have gotten John Travolta to announce this one

MEMPHIS MUSTARDGAS
Yeah on the 4th most talented team in his division, stars are aligned. 
Well, I thought Peat was the best tackle in this draft...but I thought we were fine at OT. Could've used a Guard @31 if we were going line. 
Ha, yeah. This will probably change nothing.
Well he's the old (good?) one that had some fantasy stats because of the number of carries. 
If he was gonna smoke weed he was gonna smoke it anywhere. Going to Denver doesn't change anything
FUUUUUCK
No fucking way chip is cray
Williams will replace Wilkerson, they're not keeping both. Either the Jets shop out Wilkerson, or they keep him for 1 year alongside a rookie Williams and he leaves the next.

It's not as if they're filling a void in their line and it instantly becomes a lot better. 
Honestly really jealous of this pick.
damn.
Losing House and Williams means we need secondary depth. This guy has different skill sets that work well will the guys we already have. He can be utilized.
dabandwagoners is more like it.
Good! LOL. 
:hangs head in embarrassment but will not edit: 
Second straight year the Knights have a player go in the 1st round.
*Marioto
Ozzie has a great track record, but he's pretty awful at drafting WR's so I don't fault you. I'm excited but scared at the same time.
Watch Chip turn in a ticket that says Marioto anyway.
Yeah but the 2015 Bears will 100% win +/- 5 games this year compared to last year. So watch out.
Annddddd here.... We.... Go...
I'm right there with you.
So far you've been wrong on 4/5 and the only one you have left to bank on is Chip Kelly not drafting from Oregon for SIX more rounds.
Playing into the circlejerk. If Gettlemoney has proved anything, it's that he's an amazing evaluator of talent. If Shaq was the best player he isn't going to reach for a subpar tackle. 
Youtube advertising on tv? Is this backwards day?
Surprising pick. That doesn't really fill a need.
All we need now is Ortiz and we'll really see something
I totally agree with you. Hopefully a nice investment. I think BoB really wants to see how our relatively young offense can run. Our defense is pretty young now too. I think I'm liking where we're going with things. People be tripping in /r/Texans though.
Rich loves to listen to him talk. Repeating the same thing over and over again. 
Cooper's Mom already wearing the Silver & Black.
Yikes.
Major douchebag vibes.
dude is so happy. he is going to work. i was ehh until i saw how excited he is
The last four times they've done a lot of things they've won the super bowl.
My wisdom teeth just got torn out, give me something to wake me up again. Do something Niners.
"Marcus Marioto"


You have one job, Goodell. One job.
he's very good. Im a much bigger fan of Dawson and Kendricks but Anthony is great for them too. NFCS is gonna be a lot better this year than people think.

Side note, this may be one of 2 picks I've correctly predicted in a mock. the other being Jameis 
Assuming that he's the only one in the office that might be a little repetitive. 
So you reached on a position that was not of need...
Nobody has.
I'm sure the source just became available to him today. Before now the last name was not 100% known. 
"Nothing can stop this kid except his ACL injury" 
YYYYEEEESSSSSS Beasley pls!!!
You're an agent of chaos
woah shit.... the rock has a tv show? Must watch! 
Thank you from keeping Pittsburgh from getting a competent corner.
Blake Bell at 19 to convert him back lol
"Rumored"
We have Tebow on our roster...
[Hide your fedora kid, your division's coming to hunt.](http://larrybrownsports.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/andrew-luck-frothing.jpg)

That suit is sick though. I think that's what a pimp in Alice in Wonderland would look like.
Dude is a freak. If he is used the right way, aka not standing up, he'll be an all-pro eventually. His measurables are silly.
I'm trying so hard to stay awake until the Ravens pick..
Unrelated but those Nike Roshe's are the most comfortable shoes I've ever won. 
Twist : he just doesn't like BBQ.
Insult to injury there. I've felt that way after several of the Bucs drafts in past years. Good luck with the rest of the draft and get some ice.
Them /r/nba inside jokes
Gruden and Kiper in a fucking battle!
True that, also McKinnon
Cowboys suck penis. 
Actually surprised me kind of!...yah!
As a UK and Ravens fan. Fuck.
I would be more than willing to take Tre and line him up behind Matty Ice
I'm cautiously optimistic. I think it shows that Grigson is going pretty much pure BPA, which means he has a lot more confidence in the offseason acquisitions than most. 

I'm all for pure BPA.
What a lackluster boo by jets fans
I hope we get a shot of a really sad war room.
Yes, yes... Take *all* the CBs. Settings things up for us to have a lot of decent choices at the top of the second that fit our needs...
dammit tampa bay...just pick already!!! we're waiting for the shoes to drop!

Now the fun begins. 
JUST TELL ME
Wait till week one.
Is that it for the top CB prospects?
And that suit
I understand.
nah pass
We do it WAYYY more than avg. I stand by my factless assertion!
And I guess that's why we make their QB's look great. We're the only team that doesn't build it's D around Tom Brady.
Marriota is gonna be fined for those Beats before he can even play a game 
Bring Beasley home!
goddamn
It is about the full package, not only being tall. Chip must believe that his other skills outweigh his lack of height. 
Lol. We tried to trade up for Dupree before the steelers took him. hahahahahahshit.
PLEASE WILLIAMS PLEASE I WILL DO ANYTHING
Should've traded down, gotta stick with my bot Tre!
***ARMSTEAD??? FUCK THIS BULLSHIT***
Wooohoooo good pick bears 
None of them tried to hide the disappointment haha
We go
Armstead 
I think the Dolphins take Devante Parker here 
Pick?

Most of my teams have been autopicks
Because the Titans would look like idiots for not letting Chip Kelly mortgage the Eagles future by trading the #2 overall pick to them for a kings ransom. The Titans could have had picks and players, apparently; so they must be really confident Mariota is the face of the franchise. Saying there's a QB competition would sound like bs rhetoric knowing what they passed up to get him. Plus you want Mariota to build some confidence in his development knowing he's the man for the foreseeable future. If they at all believed Mett could develop into their franchise QB, then how do you pass up that offer for Mariota?
The trade was pretty good...
Goodell has such a punchable face.
Told ya :)
With the 11th pick the Vikings select...the blonde sitting at Gurley's table
Ha after all that.
Gruden thinks every pick is the best X in the draft. except that one dude he tore into.
Wow...the amount of booing for Rogers.
wow. right again. Check it.
I hope Goodell gets boo'd every time he opens his stupid punchable mouth. 
Gruden: "He's going to make the most memorable plays that Jacksonville will remember".

Oh Gruden

boo
Whats with the 8 minutes between the pick being in and the announcement?
Here is our man!
this draft just got really boring.
Titans pulling a Dr. Evil and asking for one million dollars for the pick.
Oh... I mean, fuck yeah... but... oh.
Right off the bat, an unexpected twist. Already the best draft ever.
He would have gone to cal if our AD wasn't so incompetent 
To be fair, there is nothing saying he will be on the final roster
And the Cowboys fan who has to eat jizz or something like that 
I realllllly want the Giants to try and move up for Williams.
"Ereck Flowers from where?"- DA "U"
New venue. Draft should have never been moved from Radio City
You shouldn't. Good pick
Just a splendid motion picture
That's why I said non-LT.....
This was my reaction in r/Colts:

I love Dorsett, he was my favorite receiver going into this draft, but holy fuck, that is not our need right now. Collins, Brown, Gregory, Randall, Clemmings. So many better need based picks. And we go WR. I don't think I've ever been more bummed out about one of my favorite teams drafting one of my favorite players.
Um...

Okay?
Nice meme
And they have Iupati too. Just imagine that O-line now.
the highest a White receiver has went in the draft for years
I'M SO FUCKING STOKED
Jets have the best defense and it arguably just got better. Rex Ryan is wondering if he can get his old job back. They're getting best available and filling their need.

Wow.
I think he pronounced it wrong on purpose cause marioto didn't go to his draft 
Damn not a kicker
Well it is the biggest school in the city of Chicago and possibly the state of Illinois.
Weird pick. The Giants are generally a hardline BPA team and he seems like a weird player to be BPA here.
"Mel Kiper is off to a strong start. Robust and constant movement. Expressive." - Chris Long
well y'all did have the opportunity earlier this evening...
ill say may option 2 will happen i just hope mariota doesn't suffer any injuries while playing for ya.
Can't be worse than Watt
That enthusiasm though.
Todd Bowles is pretty great.
http://www.si.com/nfl/audibles/2013/11/26/arizona-cardinals-defense-todd-bowles 
That dude should still be a quarterback. He'd be a tank
"WITH THE 1ST PICK IN THE NFL DRAFT, THE TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS SELECT MARCUS MARIOTA"

*starts walking to stage, lightakin go out"

Kipner: "WHAT THE HELL?"

*lights come back on*

"OMG, THAT'S WINSTONS MUSIC"

*hits Mariota in head with steel chair*

*Puts on Bucs hat*
Hey Seahawks. Remember that time you lost in the Super Bowl?
I didnt think that Peters would picked here.
Not yet. 
Source?
And Sex is basically working out anyway.
More boos
Joe Namath agrees
Tough decision.
10minutes wtf
I'm not letting go of the idea of a trade until the Eagles pick.
No matter what, PA bound
dude is good. 
Keep Mack and hope you can re-sign him. If so, then you just drafted a future Guard/Tackle.

If Mack walks, then you have a quality Center.

It was actually a smart pick. 
[He is shorter than Ed "Too Tall" Jones](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ed_%22Too_Tall%22_Jones).
pro scouts and viking scouts have proven themselves much more than you. Vikings have been nailing their picks as of late, I don't expect you to be more right than them
Silver lining is that Wilkerson might get traded, so there's that.
[I'M SWIMMING GOD DAMNIT](https://usatthebiglead.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/chip-kelly-dives-into-pool.gif)
Boooooooo
Us too. Want to trade?
How is your top-5 guard?
yea im not buying it
It was Blue and Black
He's not ignoring WR depth..
GOOD ONE DOOOOD. But seriously Shane, don't.
Ugh collapses suck tho. I don't want to be like the Raiders...
Feels like they were hearing footsteps after Gurley went 10th. Worried Dallas or Baltimore may have moved up if they didn't maybe?
Hey! It's an 80 year old Rams fan! Probably past your bedtime there, bingo bud. Hope you see this comment tomorrow. Yes. Shit talk. From a Panthers fan.
Just watch us.
I was an OU student for 2 years, second year was during Adrian Peterson's freshman season (I transferred to a way smaller school after). Still kinda sucks; rooted for him in person every home game that year and a few road games too.
Do you shop at The Gap/Old Navy a lot?
It's worth mentioning that [the Panthers were the only team](http://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2015/04/25/shaq-thompson-getting-a-close-look-from-the-panthers/) brought in him for a visit and also gave him an on-campus workout.
I don't give a shit about other peoples tweets NFLN, jesus christ
You just calm down. Take a tight end to replace your catch machine. Or a center.
I cant believe he fell, I expected more pass rushers taken
bruh
Expected a trade, but this is fine with me, a Zimmer type CB if there ever was one.
The goodell bot is malfunctioning!
He has to play Williams AND Suh next year? Rip
The commercial aligning the screaming kid/screaming guy with Taco Bell needs to die. 
[Goes well with the gold, studded shoes](http://imgur.com/LVrL86H)
Texans pick Kevin Johnson. good, I'd be mad if we picked him
In college, if he had played with those other players' teams.
Yeah but it's always in jest
Damn that's kinda fucked
So what Rappaport is saying is, 'the Chiefs have no clue'...
let's gooooooooooooo
You'll be saying this for the next 26 picks.
And a linebacker!
Adele Dazeem
Giants have an interesting selection. I'm sticking with Shelton but they can pull a fast one and take Gurley
The skins and giants had horrible lines. What u expect them to do
I'm not exactly Ozzie, but I'm pretty confident that Joe Flacco throws a better ball than Justin Holman.
Hey, look, they are still advertising these horrible people who don't know how to raise kids right.
2 rings? I take it.
i mean every broadcast is, the comish doesn't just show up on NFLN and not ESPN
Dang waiting until 8 seconds left. Did anyone tell the Jets that this is the draft, not /r/thebutton?
Will someone please get Bucky Brooks a glass of water?
fuck, this was hilarious
Audio problems. Come on NFL Network. Need a stronger showing.
**BOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
He's missed a lot of games...could be a diamond in the rough. 
ahem* with the 3rd overall pick the **JAGUARS** pick...
To be fair, usually more than 400 people get arrested at Mifflin Block Party..he was just standing on someone's property for like a minute with a bunch of other people. Should've known that he would draw attention though 
hmmm so you trade away marshall and get a WR in the draft? lol why not just keep marshall and get younger on defense 
It's pronounced Gordawn
On the bright side if his kids aren't into football he could nearly field an entire baseball team.
Nah we cool just a bit sad for Leo tho.
If Tennessee was on the clock, it would be nice to have an actual clock on screen.
was there ever any explantion for that? or is their entire team seriously 2 guys and a laptop
Rex Ryan wishes he was still with the Jets.
I feel like Williams is more of an obvious pick than Cooper.
yes please
My favorite [Manny memory.](http://www.gfycat.com/LinedAlertCattle)
pls don't take Leonard
THANK FUCK
I remembered Lewan and was going to add Chris Johnson until I remembered he wasn't there anymore.
(that was a joke, from "Friends")
Is she gonna ask him about his dead relatives?
She'll be a solid 3rd round pick
Nice pick. I didn't see it with Tre Mason there.
You are literally Hitler. 
Not really sure how to feel right now
Oh sure, cherry pick a photo from the Whites Only section to make us look racist. Actually, there are lots of people of color who work at CenturyLink Field.
That Chin could cut glass... holy shit. 
Wow a RB really?
DA UUUUUUUUUU
Manning? Haha
Down.
Somebody call Ray Lewis! I need to know how to FEEL
Definitely colts. I'd be livid in that fanbase.
I love this trade
ESPN has Jeremy Renner as a narrator NFL Network has Dick Butkus

.... fuck defense I guess
And runnin da ball
Andy will turn him into a receiver
Beasley fall to Vikings pls
Shelton seems like a really good dude, best of luck to him.
I'm pretty happy with Winston, couldn't be more excited for this season.
Everything's coming up Raiders!
I was saying that because they got our 7th and Brandon Marshall
Plus NFLN and ESPN are colluding to not spoil before the commissioner comes 
Don't talk to me!
Ha ha ha, so many boos.
i think the jets might look to trade out if they are taking this long
I feel like Gurley was just the best they had on the board at 10 once both Scherf and Flowers were taken. Unless the Rams traded down I don't think there was anyone there at 10 that really worked unless they went WR. Parker is STILL on the board so the Rams aren't the only ones who thought it wasn't worth it.
human hairpiece reel
Keep drinking the Kool-aid of the talking heads. 
God dammit 
Charles Johnson says welcome to the NFL 
http://gfycat.com/FearfulImperturbableCleanerwrasse
I mean, did you seriously think it was going to happen with what the Titans were reportedly asking?
I'm not, but he doesn't really count as starting caliber right at this moment. He couldn't even get Ron Parker out of that position for most of the season. He will start over Peters for at least a while this year, though, and will have a chance to prove he can take over full time
Lol with that defense? Not even Brady can salvage that
Delete that shit. 
Brilliant
[It was supposed to be a drug reference](http://images.rapgenius.com/b8ddb84e5087e331761db8a7042a5307.620x464x1.jpg)
Christ it's backed up like me after McDonalds
...and ends up on three pro bowl teams in his career.
We need more hostility between Gruden and Kiper. 
So they could put it on primetime. 
I wanna smoke what the Old Spice marketing team smokes
laken tomlinson...lions do it again
I think you wouldn't mind a threesome with anyone two women 
Uhhhh
I honestly think the Titans are going to make the pick

Is Vic related to Cole?
SMOKE WEED EVERYDAY
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo
dammit good pick. 
The Raiders could fuck this up and take a WR. But Mack and Williams on the D-line is pretty fucking exciting. 
I can't imagine how bad a pick would have to be for Gruden to not like it. 
The browns spoiled everyone last year
Less chance of a huge return. In certain situations (for example, not much time left in the game), it's better to almost-guarantee the other team only gets decent field position (say, their own 40), rather than take a chance that they get fantastic field position or a TD.
I was half expecting them to trade back to 22 just to give Browns fans heart attacks. 

Eagles totally take Agholar now. 
This is the most money hungry draft. Commercial breaks between every pick when there are teams who have already had the picks in for 15 mins.
*ahem*

BOOOOOOO
We welcome our local brethren. But let's be honest you guys still need a QB to get him the ball anyway. I only say this in wanting to see the full fiery potential of Parker in his true form and nothing else. 
It may all be a smokescreen to get someone to trade for Mariota so I don't know.
The song is catchy as fuck though. 
I remember Fisher saying that he thought of Mason as a change of pace back
Andrew Luck trying to break Peyton's TD record
So fucking annoying. I hate when people do that.
Seriously though, how are the jets going to utilize all of their defensive line talent? If they switched to a 4-3 I suppose they could play richardson and Williams at de with snacks and Wilkerson at DT. That doesn't seem very effective though. And who would play outside linebacker? Neither pace nor coples can play 4-3 outside linebacker
if only they had a qb...
If we hog all the WRs and you hog all the QBs, we are guaranteed to both make the Super Bowl, right?
It's happening 
If two teams end with the same record, they alternate picks though the rounds.
You'd get the biggest steal in the world if Randy Gregory's stupid ass fell to your pick.
what is going on with this draft??!!!
Nice pick Dallas, I was hoping he fell to the Pats.
You can go watch him in Seattle this year.
Chicago 120, Milwaukee 66. WAY TO GO BULLS, LET'S FUCK CLEVELAND 
I like it!
He was mocked to the Rams at 10 by Mayock and a few other guys.

Pretty sure Kiper even had him to us in his last mock draft, which is hilarious considering he just called him a reach
Dupreeee! I like it. Maybe would have preferred we take someone in the secondary, but I still like this pick. 
Is that the big Orc form lord of the rings?
stop with the spoilers you fucks 
 
edit: that joke didn't go over well lol 
I certainly can be wrong I doubt we will ever find anything definitive to answer that now though. Just saying where the rumors pre-draft were. 
The bio on him says, "finished 2014 with all pac-12 honors with 106 tackles." If that's not indicative of good tackling, then what is?
And our third! We have two less draft picks and one more TE!
I'M SO EXCITED
Thought Dupree was a lock there.
Fuck i was just in Ausin a few weeks ago. If i did not live in Boston i would love to live there. 6th street was the bees knees

This is like Friday and 13th and Chip Kelly is Jason in the woods. I'm sprinting as fast as I can and he's taking a gentle stroll and is right behind me with an axe
Dat gap doe 
Pretty sure the screen said OT. Center hikes the ball to the QB, OG lines up next center, OT lines up outside of the OG. They are the 5 players that make up the O-line.
I like the Brown's picks a lot. Loved Shelton and now a good C/G. Smart moves.
I think Goodell was talking about his Japanese girlfriend, Mary Odo. Idk what the confusion is about
Fowler over Williams? Classic Jags
Prob switch to 4-3 and run w Sheldon Damon Wilk and Leonard, gotta get this dude snaps
Rams haven't had a back they can feature since like.. a few years ago. Steven fucking Jackson man
Gus is too inexperienced of a head coach to know what he wants. 
Haaave you met Mack? 

Still sad honestly, Williams was meant to be a Raider

I believe you got the good end of the mariota/winston choice.
4 for 4 only picked the first 5 tho lol 
I mean, you guys failed to get SJ a ring. Can't say we're happy about that one.

That being said, Todd Gurley is a god amongst men and cannot be ruined.
RIP Chip Kelly
Incoming angry Raiders fans.
Must be a clerical error. 
This isn't Jadeveon Clowney.
I'm honestly surprised there wasn't a commercial break when we drafted #1 
Lmao at all those salty Eagles fans with their hands on their heads in dissapointment. Love it!
I think they go Cooper.
Not a Saint; a Lion now!
I've heard that, it wasn't replaced with that much a cleaner joke haha.
I mean, I'm not complaining
Gruden: "He's going to make the most memorable plays that Jacksonville will remember".

Oh Gruden
Are we organizing some kind of community fundraiser to get kroy a nice bench pad?
lol @ all the Colts fans the last couple weeks shitting on everyone who had them taking a receiver
he NASTY
...and the Broncos pick Shane Ray...
Watch every play, not just highlights. He can't handle edge rushers with speed. Doesn't have the agility, the footwork, or the length. 
He did bad at the combine and at the vet combine
If Ryan Leaf and Jamarcus Russell had a son.
No Leonard for you
I see he got the beats sponsored headphones already. Damn dudes gonna get fined on draft day.
I almost feel sympathy for Goodell
Wow, if I didn't know any better, r/nfl reallllllyyy likes malcom Brown. 
Goodell Backstage, sponsored by Playboy.
I don't get it
They wanted two Hiltons.
Piss. Piss coming from my *assssss*.
me 4/16
Yeah, but all you'll need is 3 points to beat that Jets offense
fuck everything
Who is the 49ers running back now? I honestly don't know who it is/if they're good
Where are you guys getting trade from?
Wow, I was NOT expecting that. 
Inside and outside? WTF
Well there goes every single mock draft.
I really want Gordon a RB that might be as good as LT and not made of glass 
What? Thats not even close to a good comparison.
He seems genuine and likable, unlike Jameis.
/r/nfl_conspiracy
> It's unbecoming of a poster of your quality.

Shut the fuck up
Automatically the 2nd best QB in the division.
Didn't ten used to be in the top ten?
WOOOOOOOOOOO LET'S GO GUYS!
"Show me on the Heisman Trophy where he touched you."
Yeah, Williams is likely... Bit we'll see. I was the most afraid of Cooper, I'm so fucking happy he's not with Decker and Marshall though
Did a trade happen? A trade happened! What is it? 

Was it just me or did all Pats fans get excited that the Jets are officially stuck with Smith/Fitz all season now?
is for friends who do stuff together!
This just in. People who make a career out of knowing the NFL Draft know more about it than you do. More at 11.
To be fair. If is mostly right..
Laken Tomlinson is Duke's first first-round pick since 1987
Nice home bar
where the fuck is his hair at the top
Man... Goodell gets booed more than Gary Bettman.
"One without the goose"
can we stabilize the fuckin camera
TD started out as a safety/olb as well
He has been injured too much which has made him timid, plus his tackling is poor. It's a shitty situation all around given the hype he came out with and what we gave up for him.
As is tradition
cant believe he fell that far 
They both look turrible.
I was expecting Paul Dawson or the UCLA kid.
Really? I guess I saw it written like that, but I never said or heard it aloud, so it kinda sounded funny hearing the pronunciation Shy-Town.
That's actually fascinating
Gore vs Fowler. Can't wait to see that
You stay away!
The UW running back got hurt this year, so they let Shaq run for a couple of games. Dude tore it up and was the best running back we had, but he still had to play linebacker so we stopped. Check out his defensive and offensive highlights here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0di4jhpjcTQ
shitpost 
Kiper: "Very rarely do you get quick guys that are also fast."
this pick is so fucking stupid.
to be fair though, Richardson has functioning knees, unlike Gurley.
"..." 
*Guys, you need to say something...* 
"WOW!"
Well balls
This is my nightmare 
HAHAHA FUCK YOU BRADY
Still 100% on my Predict The Pick. Fuck yeah!
I think the hypothetical was if those RBs were available today
Root176400: "oh God he didn't. Oh well I'll say it first just to get it out there"
I will be retired before I ever see Pit select a DB in the first round, and I'm still in college. You have to be kidding me.
HAHAHAHA WTF
Why didn't GB pick him again?
about that....
Awww, so close to running out of time. That would've been funny.
FUCK.
I hope so, I'm surprised there haven't been any yet. 
Nah, we don't hate you.
Fuck I wanted to trade the pick and keep Mett
Damn you guys sound defeated already
Fuck Stephen A Smith.
FUCK! Oh well. Most overhyped non trade ever
Everytime I watch him all I think of is he moves like Jerry Rice. The smoothness of his movements, how seamlessly he turns from a receiver to a runner its poetry of motion.
I'm in the same boat! 
He just looks thin for a RB. Could be his height. He looks more like a WR
tightighttight!
tips 49ers logo emblazoned fedora
Gregory is a really good athlete who shined in the slow BIG 10 conference. He's undersized and will probably just be a situational pass rusher kind of guy.
Jets might be frozen by indecision here. Best player available but bad fit
What makes you think the jets can score 3 points?
Where do we go for a live thread?
THIS IS THE REAL QUESTION!
Haiku!

first the Mett now him? sheesh (deleted)
Yeah big guy and not even a football player.
I dunno
You can never procreate enough slave labor.
Isn't it concerning that he only had 2.5 sacks last year?
Great pick, I was hoping he would fall to the Pats. 
It's a little too early to say what Easley will play. I'd also say a 3-4 DE in our Crennell era Defense was essentially a DT.
THEY HAVE TO! The bears can't have him! 
I'd say DTs as well.
It's good at getting them the #1 draft pick. 
WatchESPN is like 3 minutes behind. Meaning every post in here is a spoiler for me :(
What's the chance they go Gurley here?
Not bad
IT'S IN!
Make that a trio. Kenny Stills is going to be a monster too.
Shit just keep getting worse 
'Ready to be a star' 
Well, this is his last year on his contract....
Damn, I forgot we also picked up Rahim Moore!
You've just been fired by SB nation.
I think you need a glass of water buddy. The salt is getting to you.
His suit matches the uniform 
Lolol
Not to the toughest division in football and the worst team in that division 
It's so dumb that the league even tests for that. 
i don't hate the pick but if we keep going BPA in the bottom 3rd of the 1st round we are going to have a lot of linebackers.
WE ALL HEARD HIM SAY MARIOTO SHUT UP ABOUT IT
Not what I'm hearing.
I don't think it's a bad pick. I meant it more as a comment on the Raiders love for the vertical passing game. By most accounts I've read, Cooper appears to be a better talent than any of last year's rookie receivers. They need to figure out what they have in Carr and in order to do that, he needs weapons. Good pick for the Raiders.
Horrible move
>*Mariotoe*

Thanks for not learning how to pronounce the 2nd most talked about player in the draft, Roger. 
No spoilers here bruh
WTF! The Bulls are up 82-38!!!
Not a QB? Whaaaaa????
ha, coming from an eagles fan? nelson was prob the biggest reach in the first round
Dat
OL was a need but fuck I wanted Bud Dupree.
Good trade to only move down 2 spots
Because this is clearly Cutler's year.
no better way to get acclimated to the NFL. 
I would assume some other teams were trying to move up. Cowboys maybe?
They did it in 1985, too.
BOR ING
How come none of the parents of these first round picks know how to spell Eric?
On one hand thanks and you're right


On the other hand, of course you'd remember... :)
Oline?
Dude is going to Colorado? Smoke weed everyday!
still banned by the NFL
I could have sworn ESPN says there weren't going to be anymore commercials.

Fucking liars
I mean if I were them I would
LOL at that Bucs fan. 

"WE WERE THE WORST TEAM LAST YEAR, #1 PICK BABY!!"
you are right to be pissed. he's terrible.
Damn Chargers, looks like you guys got a great guy.
I couldn't give a shit about downvotes, I was saying that this being the thread that attracts all the Bears fans will obviously be a factor. This thread is the Bears magnet. That's obviously a factor on the group of people that read through it.

It's not worth being so hostile about though, you could stick to the point and talk football instead. Do you think the Bears would have been better served by addressing needs on defense with this pick, or do you disagree with me?
DTFENCE!
I can't hear you over the sound of my hard liquor.

God fucking dammit.
Agreed 
Ya I was really hoping Chip would do [something](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/d9/71/3a/d9713aae674c2a2b7c141ad97a9ead52.jpg). 
He does, but I still thought the Chiefs would take a wide receiver. Even if they had to reach a bit since Cooper, White and Parker were gone.

Prior to 2014, Maclin had never caught for more than 964 yards in a season, and only played 16 games once. Hinging the entire receiving game on him continuing to be healthy and play at a high level is a bit of a risk.

Maybe round two or three.
Fredrick had a better tutelage.
OH GOD PLEASE IM SO SCARED
Rams picked. 
I swear he was *praising* Mettenberger two weeks ago
Ya, but has Cooper shown what Calvin showed when he was drafted? I didn't think he was as hyped
Im happy with the giants pick, the redskins didnt take leonard williams which im glad about (although not thrilled over scherff, white wouldve been a heaven pick), bit sad eagles didnt throw away their draft/team for mariota, dont care about cowboys CB. So overall pretty positive.

For the Jets I dont love williams since Bowles is committed to the 3-4. Bowles will mix it up but WIlliams is still a rotational pick made at the #6 spot. Cant complain too much though because I have watched tape and williams does look very good, very nice hands and a smart player. Just really want to keep wilkerson.
NO. I MEAN ITS STILL JUST THE ALRIGHT HORN. 
No!
Raiders to LA confirmed 
Regardless, I think we'll be ok.
Yup! I noticed this time!
If the Lions wanted a guy they knew would be there later why not pick up some picks and a starting guard for 3 years? 

Win/Win to me. 
Boooo
Don't sleep on Phillip Gaines
I thought we learned not to take RBs so high. Crazy.
It's ok. You'll get a good look at him. Or maybe you won't, since there's going to be more Jags fans than Tampa Bay fans in Tampa Bay this year, blocking your view.
So they have drafted TY Hilton with a different name?
ray lewis is busy killing cops
Why is the player name gold for the browns?
 #replacedgod
Well that's pretty much every OT that we could have conceivably picked in the first round. WE'RE IN UNCHARTED TERRITORY HERE FOLKS.
Yep. The only guy who really got him last year was Mike Wallace with a [crazy TD](https://youtu.be/HDsXI4WiXFg?t=70) that he actually had defended pretty well.
Would be okay with this, or with taking the best available WR
Except Mike Wallace.
I didn't think there way *any* way he fell, really happy with this.
Damn. Miami starting to look kinda sexy...
Can't alienate a draft pick.
I dont agree anymore. Perrimen has bust written all over him
Also possible he just takes AJ Kleins spot and plays opposite of Davis.
Fowler is adorable.
Got the best player in the draft, pretty good
Oh jon is going off on Kiper. 
Better safe than sorry. Unless it's medical, I guess.
Like an Irish Drunk at the Pub
Is anyone else sick of these dumb R&B themed intros for every sports event?
ah yes marco marioto, sucks for marcus though
They had a shimmer of hope at QB

They don't have that for most positions

I think everyone would agree it's smarter to take Williams or trade down for more picks
congrats oakland
Can someone tell me why they are booing that guy? 
Yea, I agree. Lol
any HD links for the draft?
I mean, don't be surprised when I'm right.
Only chip can heal me now
That ain't all...
..... Okay I seriously think he's having a stroke 
make sure to upvote this thread so espn can be the top!
That's what happened with Carr and Schuab. But Schub played average-below average
I don't think you realize what we've done. 
#1 offense last year. Vastly overpaid, huh?
The worst part of being drafted is having to pose with Rodger "Literally Hitler" Goodell.
Ok so is this the thread where I say how awesome the NFL Now app for XBOX One is? 

Because it is.

I still have to keep ESPN on another TV though because of delay.
I'm shocked-- how do Jag fans feel about this?
Put Cooper in their offenses with their QBs. He gets 2000 yards receiving.

Cooper is the greatest player at any position to come out of the University of Alabama. Even better than John Hannah.
Smart trade for the 49ers. Hard to see who they'd've picked at 15.
LOUD NOISES!!! LET'S GO NFL DRAFT!!!
LANDON COLLINS. PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEASE
Lol byron? He wasn't even the best CB in his conference 
BAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!
I think Witten is actually getting older.
So Jags of ESPN to go to commercial during the Jags pictures
They do it every year.

To answer your question, it's because he sucks 
I think that 49ers must have gotten a call from someone saying "We want Gordon" and they then called the Chargers and tried to play the offers off against each other. No other reason for the Chargers to move up just 2 picks imo
I think my dad golfs with that guy
Especially since even if he does get it up, the mods said that only the official threads will be kept up . . .
This is the worst puck i have ever seen. Im drunk, but fuck everything. Fuck mike brown, fuck andy dalton, fuck my mother for bringing me into this world, fuck it all.


It's not my fault. Don't blame me.
Dat smile :) 
Fair. The way you said it made it seem like you didn't like the actual jerseys.

Then again I'm drunk so.... Might be completely wrong. My bad!
Jerry said we had this guy 15/16 on the board
U KNOW IT
FUCKING MARIOTA. I HAVE TWO REASONS WHY I DISLIKE HIM: VINCE YOUNG. FUCK FUCKITY FUCK FUCK FUCK
http://i.imgur.com/8cS4MXl.gif
It's all good, brother! I'm excited as well. Spread offense, and two nasty receivers in Alshon and White...mmmm, delicious. He's gonna have to learn some routes, but I think he's capable.
Good, but not good enough by themselves to make up for the fact that we had that we had a limp wristed statue and a safety at QB. I think Gordon is due more praise for his success than White or Ball are for theirs.
K.
This is a good ting imo. We weren't looking for a RB so moving back doesn't hurt us much I think and we just need to look to add a lot of depth of talent.
Could not agree more. Injury prone and unimpressive. 
Doesn't it seem like this happens *way* more in the NBA?
Surprise of the year!
The Jets with a pick 6. Who'd have guessed?

The niner train continues.
Ah, that's right! I just forgot about them "drafting" a new apostle after Judas. Thanks for the refresher! I've been out of private catholic school for a long time now so I don;t remember much of the stuff any more, aside from the prayers. 
For real dude, I get he was wearing a button for his brother, but this is supposed to be the best day of the kids life. Espn asks him about his dead brother on national TV, smh
Lets draft a linebacker!
Not every rookie qb starts in such a dumpster fire of an offense with such an awful line. When they DO, well, we've seen how THAT works out. Obviously though, this time it will be different than every other. Obviously.
Rodger is going to fine Shelton for that lift off the ground 
I hate that pick for the falcons. I wanted Dupree.
What did we get in the trade??
Poor potato :(
Lol. This is some mean joke isn't it
Don't become /r/nfl's isoswagger
wait for the broncos pick or go to bed...?

hard choice
Loo at mayock trashing the wsg pick for trashing his mock
But what do I do with my bortles?
Well I didn't have a lot of confidence we'd get the deal done, but I had hoped...
They must have a ton of faith in Fangio, I don't blame them.
Don't do it Indy leave us brown!
If a team with no star players didn't accept that trade they'd be insane.
Marcus Mariato 
Offense will be fine, even if Geno sucks they have great receivers and Fitzpatrick can be meh.
what? pretty sure a majority of the fanbase was on board with Devante pre-draft. just no one liked Perriman at 14. 
Says the guy whose team picked Kelvin Benjamin
Too me it was Laken Tomlinson. I think he'll be good, he should develop into a great run blocker, but most teams had a 3rd round grade on him but thought someone would like him enough to go for him in the late 2nd. Didn't expect him whatsoever to go late 1st.
So I have been actively avoiding all draft talk until tonight. Can someone explain to my why Goodel is announcing the drafts and why the players aren't physically there dramatically sipping water
Are these supposed to rhyme? Be annoying to read? I'm genuinely confused.
He didn't finish his high school career as a QB cause he got too big so he moved to O-line. Wow. 
Holy shit, those deer had families.
I chose to stay in Hawaii to celebrate with my family, and listen to my headphones 
Nobody to throw to
Roger Goodell has just fined Danny Shelton $30,000 for that illegal hug.
[**@RobTornoe**](https://twitter.com/RobTornoe/)

> [2015-05-01 01:16 UTC](https://twitter.com/RobTornoe/status/593947078021279744)

> What did the Titans turn down from the \#Eagles? Reportedly, two 1st rounders, a 3rd rounder, Fletcher Cox, Boykin, Kendricks and more. Wow.

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Connor Cook next year is gonna be good.
I'm-a sorry, green Mario!
jesus i cant believe part of me is a little ticked we took the best prospect in the draft

so we moving to 4-3 

also the only way you trade wilkerson is it involves Brees Rivers or eli Manning 
Wow looks like Chip decided to keep the farm. Pick is in. 
The idea that the Jets have a better defense than the Bills is completely ridiculous. We'll all see soon enough though. 
Didn't get to see that lol, had to get my drink ready lol. Damn, Mel got rekt
Well, there go the SONS of Anarchy.
#HUGGATE2015
JAX DON'T TAKE WILLIAMS PLS FUCK
DGB get drafted?
Legit top 5 talent. Wanted him for the saints at 13. 
THE NORTH REMEMBERS. 
Oh God..he's officially our problem now.
Wasn't tre mason doing well for them? I'm confused.
Do you guys think there may be a trade for 5th for Williams?
I know how it works! Fuck! I don't agree that he was the best player available. I disagree with the Redskins GM. I am allowed to do so. I may be wrong, he may be wrong. But jesus christ I know how best player available works. 
OMG Gregory please fall to us in round 2
Not sexy, but digging the OL depth
There is something else going on with him; I think there was a medical or psychological evaluation that put him in this position. Shane Ray went early enough with an arrest Monday. Gregory has really dropped. 
Watching Goodell on stage makes me legitimately believe he gets into the draft
If all of you guys want to pass on him for his "issues" again we would be happy to take two top-10 talents at picks 32 and 64. 
Yeah I'm thinking they might.
UPVOTES ALL AROUND!!!
http://i.imgur.com/Z5e8qn4.jpg

Edit: but for real, she looked better on the espn angle. nfl network cut the part where byron kissed her so this is all they had. http://imgur.com/gallery/WYUHYBx/new
Damn what a D :(
Its listed to go until 1030
NFL Mod made a mistake!
Most of the trades were made in the free agency period
3 minutes left for Chip to make a trade.
Damn TB actually using clock...shows they really are fielding serious offers.
Me three!
Two all beef patties, special sauce, ~~lettuce~~, cheese. Very happy. And hungry.
Don't rub it in! :(
Best 10 minutes of the offseason right now
Well no shit
Thanks for bringing up the colts game Kiper...

Fuck off
Man, Dante Fowler Jr's suit is so cool. I'd wear that
the browns made a good pick? 
I'm pretty sure this guy named Brandon Marshall can catch passes. 
49ers must have said "we got someone wanting this pick" and Telesco bit.
Jets fans travel really well
unless they play teams with us know, great pass rushers.
Guess this means the pats are going to be the team I secretly root for. Hook em. 
Nobody wants another Hernandez.
Holy crap the Redskins actually thought before they put their pick in. Really smart. You need to protect you're QB to have any sort of a chance..
Does anyone know those chairs?
Has to be a trade in the works. 
Only questionable pick so far is Washington's. 

I think they knew the Giants would take him though. 
Wow you're 100% right about that
Haha :'(
"Oh by the way." Drink.
Pick and trade! Pick and trade! Pick and trade!
It's going to be fun to watch. 
Devonte Parker to the Dolphins! 
Has Chip's master plan gone down the drain?
W-why? Sure he's the best player but they don't even slightly need a DT
Wait this was immediately after the pick? Lmfao
Probably hard to focus getting booed that much.
YOU WILL TAKE MIKE WALLACE AND LIKE IT
Apparently Leonard was flagged with a shoulder injury and is sliding bc of it
Janikowski was 17th overall
I knew they were high on him but I didn't realize they were that high on him. They didn't even wait to see if someone wanted to trade up.
I think this sets up the WRs for the next 3 years. Matthews, Agholor, and Huff, they can take Cooper out back and shoot him for all I care. They might feel that there is better value in the 2nd round for secondary.
Wow chargers are high on Gordon two mid round picks! Texans wanted him and the Chargers pre-opted them. 
I get that Cleveland is the Dawg Pound but that is still no excuse to play "Who Let The Dogs Out" at the NFL Draft
You merely adopted the spread offense. I was born into it, molded by it. I didn't make a read until I was already a man, and by then it was blinding! 
They're just..... they're just staring at me.... Into my soul
oh damn he has a nice voice
Good pick for the Bears, White will slot in and take Marshall's previous role.
At least I have one thing in common with Gurley
I mean, who needs a defense when you have an offense, right? We'll just score 8 points each possession. We don't even need a defense on the field!
have you never watched a draft before ?
Browns are gunna shock everyone and draft Manziel again. ESPN will drown in ejaculate.
Speaking of tall as fuck DEs, where do you guys see Shawn Oakman going next year. He's 6'8 280
Doesn't sound like it. I won't spoil, but... *sigh*

Waiting for the jokes to start rolling in...
Kevin Spacey did it and Gwyneth Paltrow's head is in the box.
Yeah I was hoping they'd go OL, WR, or maybe Punter
Bench press =/= power.
Burnett had a hell of a season last year, it's a shame he didn't make the Pro Bowl IMO. 9th in tackles in the entire league (with missing a game too), a stat that's dominated by linebackers usually.
Because Williams is a fucking monster. Williams +Jelly, Mack & Moore is a dirty front 7. I think Leo was BPA, but I'm still happy with the pick. 
No. He has redefined what it means to be a 3-4 end. Although they do move him around a lot so he does play. 4-3 positions sometimes
they had one mediocre season and have done nothing but talk shit to jets fans since
http://www.nfl.com/draft/2015/live

If you guys want some real coverage.
BB, are you actually picking?
genetics are kind of important
That's the joke. We'll take something we don't need. Which we did.
I ALWAYS FIGURED THE MIDDLE EAST WOULD ROOT FOR THE JETS
Mort and Boomer are killing me tonight
Rules
HAHA
Plan?
Definitely. He was awful in the preseason. I was very concerned. But he was decent enough when he had to start when Raiola went out and didn't have much snap trouble if any(that I can remember). I agree that there will be competition at the position as well as at LG, but I'm not going to be surprised if we start with Swanson and Tomlinson while Ramirez sits.
Because he doesn't have a history of questionable decision making? I don't really understand this question.
Wilkerson, Irvin and Beasley is one too many DE's, dontcha think?
Fuck. I have to pee so bad but I keep drinking my beer and getting sucked in to watching, and then the next pick is in! My life is hell
hes gotta earn those initials. giants fans know what im talkin about
So in that Kate Upton Game of War commercial... Is she in a tub of milk?
I didn't think we would go receiver all draft. One of the Colts reporters had an article either today or yesterday about how we would start concentrating on defense more this draft.
Btw you just showed me a silver lining on all of this bullshit Grigson pulled

We gonna atleast be beastly at Madden lol
I think that is his knock because he just hasn't done it much. His sample size is small.
Ditto, havent been on /r/nfl since the superbowl but its great being here for this
Or SJax.
I am not even mad. Got 2 extra picks and still got what we "wanted".
Please not Armstead
RIP: Chip's Wild Ride.
aaaawwwwwww yeeaaaaaaaaa
Bruh what is going ON with Leonard Williams???
Good pick Jets
Dude ESPN opened in Hawaii and showed Mariota after goodell's audio. Ultimate long con?
Damn fine Mayor
Was that song's lyrics "Take nothing less than the second best"? Seems a little off.
interesting, acceptable.
I'm about to commit seppuku 
Here we go, let's see what TEN does with its pick!
Idk why they are shitting on Mettenberger so much.
this deserves so many likes
I think the Bills got a a good one
Even after the injury?
Goodell still getting booed on every appearance, no different
Because we made a good pick.
Jeters chick, I heard
Somebody else could have traded up.
Shouldn't you say African American?
I FUCKING HATE MY DIVISION!
Good choice.. defense needed the help
What a tragedy. 
Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up Don't fuck up 
Oh you. How did you know?
Not that, how he botched the name
We'll see. My guess is he doesn't start till late in the season and only because things aren't going well and the fans are booing and saying, "Play him!" And things won't improve with him starting. Really think they would have been better served to take all the picks they were being offered.
Don't forget Dion Sims he will have a role as well.
besides that commercial they had after mariado got picked
49ers are trading pick to Chargers.
Fisher can't ever have enough mean dls
Just traded up. You are on the clock.
Tebow will start week one. All aboard the Tebow Train!!!
has kalil mack been picked yet?
Melvin Gordon might be the happiest kid ever.
2nd 
What is it now? Landry - Stills - Jennings - Parker?

I feel like Landry is gonna be the best wide receiver in this division next season, and Parker is gonna start by the end of the season. That leaves Stills and Jennings in the slot. That core looks dangerous with Tannehill.
And the official supermarket of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers? You guessed it, [Publix!](http://supermarketnews.com/retail-amp-financial/publix-nfl-buccaneers-forge-partnership)
Thank god they didn't take Williams. He'd probably snap Bradford in half.
Pick is in. I will do something irrational if it aint Winston
There it is. RISE UP
Hey Mel, does Jon Gruden have to choke a bitch?
Mel Kiper saying not being a rah rah guy is ok? 

In chicago?

Fuck you Mel.
Uhh.. Maybe?
pls
Y'all have really turned shit around, our (A&M) bowl game with you was fantastic, should be a fun program to keep an eye on. 
I do. Or did rather, I'm still hoping we trade Mariota so Chip can get his nut. 
I do.
WTF?
I guess I should adjust Kiper's dumbass coefficient in my models. 
Yes?
Broncos trading up. Malcom Brown?
I'm a Texans fan and I'm kind of sad that he didn't fall to us. You guys have been killing it in the first round these las few years.
Surely someone is going to burn a 7th on him.
Maybe if you ask real nice they'll give him to you. Please try. Please. 
you're in the wrong thread. 
your lips to gods ears
You take the Super Bowl from us and now this!?
What a pussy
By who? I've seen late first but not 3rd round anywhere.
I bet $59 Raiders would have a better record next year than the skins. Roller coaster of emotions 
Annnnd you get one Amari Cooper
Lmao. I hope u get banned POS
Do you blame him? He's the 4th or 5th string now when he could be getting a lot of work.
Yeah Dawgs!
I think it decreases to 5 minutes in later rounds. I'm not that sure though. 
Yea, soft spoken pre-med guy who likes forklifting DEs for fun & profit. I like him.
For the next two years minimum, whether he likes it or not.
You misunderstand. Crab legs cause you to not give a fuck.
BPA ALL DAY
HELL YES
Literally our deepest position group.
I WOULD BUT IM NOT GOING TO AUSTIN TILL THE SUMMER
I do, its just a whole different level since I tore every ligament and my meniscus.
YOU HAD MALCOLM BROWN STARING YOU IN THE FACE AND YOU TAKE LAKEN TOMLINSON?????
That's exactly what they needed.. Sorry Tre Mason.
Scherff is a good pick
WTF Sherff?
That's what I'm saying. Idk why Raiders fans are so upset.
Kevin White is the first actual speedy receiver we've had since Johnny Knox. 
Great stat!
Well looks like that plan didnt work out as expected...
They picked Mariota.
Brashad Perriman looks like Predator
Maxx Williams far and away
SPOILER ALERT: Snape kills Du... bah, fuck it.
FUCK!!! Get brady some bubble wrap
If we plan on running the ball a lot we need change of pace backs. They will compliment eachother.
Damn I really hoped Scot would draft Fowler. Bummer.
Dudes got gold chain, and iced out watch. He'll love that nfl money
Gotta Peat before you can repeat
And then lose 3-0.
God I am already drunk!
Scherff :(
Well, looks like we're seeing him twice a season....
its sad how addicted to this sport we are.
I have a replica Lombardi stand with no 2nd replica Lombardi on it...thats thanks to Simon getting beaten like a rented mule all SB 49...i think im getting an idea :(
Meatball Marinara
I'll tell ya, it's one thing when a coach is yelling at you across a field where he can be heard by everyone, but if you get a spit bath from a whisper rape while his hand is holding your facemask to his face.. Man that's a whole new level
But Tre Mason and Zac Stacy?

Side note: I love how much shit they're giving Kiper. Hopefully he has a Casserly meltdown.
At 6' 7" I'd imagine so.
Just have to keep finding those veteran receivers with a little left in the tank to compliment him
I think we'll see a version of a three safety "nickle" with Burnett playing as a small LB. 

I think it could work really well. Will be a ridiculous upgrade in pass coverage and Burnett's probably just as good against the run than whatever scrub ILB we have.
Holy shit, the Jets fans were cheering
Fuck it. I like the pick
Thank you. And it's been two fucking years. If we threw a player to the dogs because they didn't develop in two years Harrison and Heyward would have never been on our teams. Only entitled or ignorant cunts call a player a bust this soon. Adding Dupree helps the team all around.. makes Jones and Moats work harder.
Come on PHILLY jump in!
If you leave a fork in him when you re-heat him the mircowave
It sucks being perennial contenders doesn't it?
a shining light in the darkness that was the 49ers offseason
The thought floating around on twitter is that he could be playing nickel corner....
If we get Gregory too, I will no longer be able to subdue my raging pulsating rock hard...excitement. 
Gruden is really trying to hide those granny glasses.
Yes... Fall to the Raiders...
And save $3M by moving Manny 
Unfortunately the NFL loves him. I don't think manning should be top 10 but he will be. 
Did not need to see all of that
That's gonna take some getting used to.
I love how the crowd was booing him when he first walked up to the stage
THE PICK IS IN AND THE SHOE WILL DROP 
He was behind Cunningham too
Kylo Ren is Chip Kelly
nobody has announced anything on NFLN so far, I am confused as well.
oh man perfect, just perfect.
NO WAY!!!!
Fuck you Saints.
And Bill Bellichick's pro-level kissing. Also, flair up!
Dat Colonel Sanders suit
Time to draft some offensive linemen. The pass protection for Tennessee was horrible. 
SURPRISE.
Colts: Defense is soft and needs a lot of fixing. WR is not a need since there is Andre Johnson and TY Hilton.

Solution: Draft a WR. 
I can only hope that he will forever be referred to as Marcus Marioto from this day on
Well fuck. Eagles are so fucked this year now.
Flip Wilkerson to the outside. The way I see it is hopefully the Dline is similar to Seattle with Wilkerson as Bennet, Richardson as 3 tech, Williams as 1 tech and Coples as Leo/Elephant/Pussy Breaker/Whatever you want to call it. This might mean Pace being pushed out of the starting lineup with Harris at SLB, Davis at MLB and Henderson at WLB. This is just a base, in nickel it would be 4-2-5.
Well we do need O-Line I guess...
Same, if they're not taking that huge offer from Philly, they'll just grab Mariota themselves.
yeah I was using RES. sorry edited
*Fuck it, Let's hear it*
Traded to Philadelphia confirmed.
Compared to what? Certainly not ESPN.
Please no
Why does no one love Williams..
Steelers?
I don't think any of us are complaining
I hope huff gets to play
That could happen too. Especially being more defense minded.
I mean, he's just replacing Wallace. 
[Yeah?](http://i.imgur.com/N198Abb.jpg)
*licks braces excitedly*
Second best CB in the draft bla bla bla I'm still pissed.
I'm a USC fan. I feel the same way about Williams.
He does look like he's 65.
Thanks Bose
Understandable pick with BPA but that ain't helping the Bears D
Hey, technically we were only the 2nd NFL team to do that (after the 1923 Rochester Jeffersons)
DANG
Andy Reid fat jokes will never get old
he will thrive in Baltimore
Please Jets. Do it. We're all counting on you.
Goodell is going to have him suspended.
Come the fuck on...Leo was right there. He was coming home damn it
Any resource online to watch the draft from the beginning?
I feel like Bill has some sort of ESP that no one else in the league has. That man knows what he's doing.
The thought floating around on twitter is that he could be playing nickel corner....but still, I don't know if I really like this pick. Trust in Ted?
Hard to believe we don't try to move Bradford in a move for Mariota
Seriously the worst way this could have played out for the rams.
Its a solid fucking pick.
Melvin, do you have any dead relatives I can bring up?
Good pick, but thought they'd still go with a receiver.
Mispronounced Mariota and Oregon...
BOWL CUT SENDS HIS REGARDS. 
what is this spoiler non sense?
Randy Gregory at 39, por favor.
God dammit stopping taking our picks
These shoes are gonna drop hard
> you

Quick! Find a Charger fan!
I'm in here for the spoilers actually
eh, I dont trust Jerry Reese at all he's honestly a terrible drafter and gets lucky 
Well yeah if you're not getting charged you don't have to come in.
LEONARD WILLIAMS FALLING!
Idk, don't ask me. I'm not the one on the soapbox saying Ted Thompson wouldn't do such a thing. His signed Johnny Jolly who went to prison, Colt Lyerla who had cocaine possession, and Guion. It's not like he only gives jobs to people with clean records.

Gregory only tested positive in a drug test, it's not like he got arrested.
How long have you been waiting to say that?
Where the trades at?
I'd think it would just be the QB jersey
Because they hate us and want 5 hours worth of advertising money.
I *really* hope he doesn't go to a division rival. I might cry if we have to face him twice a year.
Start dreaming about how Bradford and cooper are going to light up the league
Tahd! Tahd! Tahd! Make sure you do a courtesy flush.
He's tall as fuck.
NO LEO TO BEARS! SHOTS ALL AROUND!
That's a great pick by Denver. Top-10 talent. 
Hope the bears pick up a stud wr in White. Really want them to suceed for some weird reason
I just hate that the next WR we draft in the first round after Mark Clayton has to be a guy whose problem is dropped passes!
Its in!!!!
Drafted players are fair game to trade still, yea? 
Very
Glad to see Ram's fans truly appreciating the talent they have been blessed with
Is that how he talks?
Ereck Flowers inc 
You used that one already
"We started out as a Viking famil-"

Fuck you.
Fuck. I was dreaming that he might fall a bit. 
I kinda get it, but I'm not sure if it's supposed to be like a Mariota mixtape or what...
Honestly he'll probably be Andre smiths replacement because whit is just too good
A surprisingly conservative and smart move by Washington. 
Thanks. And [I got your back buddy.](http://www.suicide.org/hotlines/arizona-suicide-hotlines.html)
We all did
People will just complain that since it was a raiders fan it's low hanging fruit. 
I'm honestly surprised they don't trade out of the first round altogether now
....what?
https://twitter.com/NatBerhe/status/593942649352007680

^im ^scared
Best player available. They didn't need him but with his talent why not take him instead of reaching for a less talented player. They took the entire time which leads me to believe they explored trading down and didn't find anything worthwhile.
David Shaw is pretty good on the NFL Network
Armstead?
The same thing is probably true for Cooper. Pretty much every player except for JJ Watt.
With the 4th pick, the Raiders select...Leonard Cooper. 
Nah man, flakka is a hell of a drug. 
I don't think either of our first rounders are salad picks. I doubt they're even familiar with salad. 
Fuck...
BANNED
YES. AND LAST TIME WE PLAYED WE WON 9-6. Or 12-9. IT WAS AN ABOMINATION. 
:'( Goodbye best protection ever for Tannehill 
I'm only one year removed. And I had to learn all those prayers in Latin too, cause I was the idiot that decided that learning Latin in Catholic School would be fun. It was, but I had to learn a lot.
i cant believe malcolm brown feel to us!
I really like him. He stepped up big as a leader on defense when we lost a lot of guys last year, and made some big plays this year. The only major complaint I have are the risks he takes. Every once in a while he goes for the big play and gets burned. 

That seems to be how our defense likes to play though, and I'm sure Capers will keep him in line. 
I have no idea who the Vikings pick? 
Maybe I'm misunderstanding but isn't "awn" and "on" pronounced pretty much the same?
So many fucking idiots in /r/NFL. The "lolbrowns" narrative is such lazy diluted bullshit. 
Welcome to Dallas! I love this pick! #FearTheStar
AND SO IT BEGINS.
Or Chargers fans
Holy fuck, NFL Network, please tell me what to take for my bad back and broken penis.
Our long national nightmare is over.
Lol the hair flip
Well I mean they were pretty damn good last season 
Kevin johnson is my guess at CB. Get that defensive back going with Suh upfront and get a good WR/TE 2nd round.
Does the pick still count if Goodell said Murrioto?
RIP BRADY
It's a solid pick imo. You need some help protecting RG3. 
I'm thinking that Courtney Upshaw just sent Collins a text and told him not to worry about it.
Im not complaining at least hes not in the same division. 
booooooooo
It said commercial free for the past hour. I'd say that's good. :D
Hi, So Mad. I'm Aquaman.
Another bust 
fuck off. go to the other thread.
Helps protect their QB from those nasty NFCW pass rushes
DGB has no shot. Payton emphasized team players all offseason and he's gonna turn around and pick the guy who got kicked off of his team? Nah that's it happening. 
There is no way Bradford will want to play for us next year after all of this.
At this point i just want whoever the eagles want off the board.
Can he stop the run?
His call to make. 
yeah Jarvis get your shit together.
I guess that means Bruce Irvin won't be going to Atlanta
Damn! 2 RBs in the top 15.
Holy god!?
Mosley > Shazier Still.
BROWNS SELECT TOM BRADY

...uh you can't do that, Browns...

BROWNS SELECT AARON RODGERS

...no...guys...
Saints won Superbowl 44.
Hope Winston works out for you.
NFLN IS STILL ON ARZ... WTF HURRY UP TV!!
Serious question: would it be an issue not from an investment standpoint, but from a PR standpoint? Because I think teams would think it's worth having his rights for a fifth rounder, but would be scared of being labled as the team that "drafted a murderer"
Well, Buccaneers are known for raping and stealing after all...
Giants are fast
**NBA TICKER**|Final
---|---
[](/CHI)Chicago|120
[](/GB)Milwaukee|66
oh shoot he feetless
I'm incredibly surprised that Eli is number 2.
...this can't be real
God the jets dline is gonna kill Brady :(
Patriots deflated the colts draft board or some shit idk fuck it 
WHOAH THIS IS WHAT IVE BEEN WAITING FOR 
Nothing wrong with baseball highlights. I suggest getting a new hobby. 
Mett to Saints for 6th rounder pleasr
WOW!!!!
It's a great position for longevity. Guys are barely allowed to hit you, you take maybe 10 snaps per game.
Panther fan here - low blow. 
CAN'T YOU DO ANTHING RIGHT, ROG?
Yeah, more guys that can step in if needed.
wow really thought it would be Fisher.
Wow, would've taken Williams there. Cooper is great tho
Getting your name butchered on National Television :(
They're not dead yet!
[Thats just what he wants people to think.](http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/196nhxfozg479gif/ku-xlarge.gif)
Just went down. Fuuuuck. 
It's a future 5th? Well i feel a bit better then
Tell them that shit talk is from both of us
Yeah im not sure you know how the legal system works
I wanted them to get the wr from Louisville to go with teddy throwsevelt, but this is probably a better pick.
That is one large man.
haha he did the Jared Allen barrel roll on the line! Okay, Shelton is my new favorite player in the NFL. Browns are now my #2 team next year.
Plot twist: They're bringing Scherff in to play QB.
In Zimmer we trust!
What a shit pic. Great job Baalke
Reggie falls in love with some one (Mack) and always drafts BPA
Yea that's about right
We better get defense for the week rest of the draft WHY GRIGS ARE YOU STILL BASED?
Shane Ray to Colorado makes all the sense in the world lol
[**@CollinsworthNBC**](https://twitter.com/CollinsworthNBC/)

> [2015-05-01 03:28 UTC](https://twitter.com/CollinsworthNBC/status/593980235068092416)

> Love it when a coach I respect sees what I see, I couldn't understand why Stephone Anthony wasn't everybody's top pick at inside LBer. @PFF

----

[**@CollinsworthNBC**](https://twitter.com/CollinsworthNBC/)

> [2015-05-01 03:28 UTC](https://twitter.com/CollinsworthNBC/status/593980235068092416)

> Love it when a coach I respect sees what I see, I couldn't understand why Stephone Anthony wasn't everybody's top pick at inside LBer. @PFF

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Thread is tagged for spoilers. There are other threads if you want to avoid them. 
Secretly jerrys illegitimate son
Jets better take Williams. Chicago can't have him
This better be trade bait.
(:>
we need a trade

Ha, they had Carson as a Raider in that graphic. I love him, but such an odd choice.
As much as people love to shit on the Browns, I really do admire you guys. I love that you guys are so loyal and have such a great sense of humor.
White's highlight reel likes a lot like Deandre Hopkins 
Time to say good bye. 
Lavonte..
LETS HAVE SOME FUUUN 
Said one guy ever
can't go throwing around the word 'crush' around willy-nilly like that, it takes all the passion out of it
At least any QB worth having early has already been taken. I don't think I could take hearing about the same prospect every pick for another draft. 
Need over BPA this high up.
[It checks out](http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/nfl/2014/02/14/nfl-commissioner-roger-goodell-salary-44-million-dollars-2012/5493943/)
Well..maybe
Devante Parker, Jarvis Landry, Kenny Stills, Greg Jennings, Jordan Cameron...I'm drooling!
BECAUSE FOOTBALL IS A DEEP AND EMOTIONAL SPORT NOW GO RUN INTO SOMEBODY AT FULL SPEED
Did he really just mispronounce the name?
I'm a UF fan and so I'm bias, but I love Fowler. I also love Gurley.
Cause he has literally said he is going to do incorporate spreads in the system to help Marcus. 
Ray and Miller

Lol
Dayummmm
Williams must be like the first or second priority for the raiders right?
steal
I'm a Baylor fan and I still have nightmares.
It's gotta be Gordon
Bet we use him at safety 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
True, I've only seen like 3 so far. Maybe I was too optimistic.
This is wrong right?
Texans either wanted Gordon, or someone was going to trade with them.
He got off to a great start, injured his hip, then was pretty quiet when he came back. 

He does seem a bit injury-prone, and I think it's common sense to be extremely wary about hip injuries, but that does explain his lack of playoff production.
Dolphins were drooling over this pick. 
He's the Joe Buck of the NFL Draft.
Was it a lower level assistant coach or a head coach? Not sure what would be worse. 
"rumors" and "sources" give us something to talk about until the boring stuff happens

edit: and "shoes", can't forget the "shoes"
You're way too baked 
is a gif a meme now? sometimes the internet is so retarded it is hard to follow.
Good luck, Tom
Fuckkkk
chargers get 15th, give away 17th and 2 more picks
I agree! The news just dropped so quickly
oh good i was worried i'd be behind on every pick. that woulda sucked.
You weren't around for the "Hester is a #1 WR" years?
the beers?
Williams must have knifed a dude in front of the building or some shit
You're being kind. 
I AM GOING TO SUE YOU
Namath?
Still depressed about losing out on Mariota :(
Gruden loved Jake Locker too.
Fantastic pick for the browns, a beastly guy.
Fact
No, we don't.
..... really man? Obviously anyone who is watching the draft knows that only one RB can carry the ball at once.

I just meant that there could be little to no drop off between Mason and Gurley. They have two excellent young RBs who will always tag in for each other and always be a threat to take it to the house against the defense.
Wow Boomer shoehorning a werewolves of London reference. Lol
Is Andy actually running their draft? And they didn't select a shitty WR, undersized D-lineman, or overaged firefighter?
Brown or Gordon for this trade
Damn Gruden shitting on Beasley
IM THE MAN IM THE MAN IM THE MAN IM THE MANNNN oh wait wrong year
I think it was win/win. I wanted Williams too, but we really couldn't go wrong with either one. I actually feel better about the pick knowing we weren't forced into one or the other, and Reggie was able to totally get who he wanted.
Yeah I'm not seeing the issue here. I honestly think that there was no wrong choice between Williams and Cooper.
He's also like 100
That makes Oregon the first school to have two players taken. 
Of course we end up taking the guy who got cited for it, t'was meant to be.
Wow! Everybody was talking about Leonard Williams, even on NFL Network. It was seemingly done... Al Davis, alive and well. 
Best CB in the draft by far IMO.
Eagles fans you torment is soon to be over. 
Collins? 
We've had shitty picks, like fucking Ahmad motherfucking Carroll.

And Justin Harrell. Whoever that is
Didn't realize Mayock had such a prominent lisp
Damn it! So close 
Big winners today are Louis Riddick and David Shaw, they made the draft so much better
And has a low flow shower head 
Please take mariota 

Let Williams drop to 4
I'm sorry for your loss, Chip
Crazy to think how big of busts your top two guys were last year and how it was still a good draft. 
I have been waiting for the Colts to draft a solid run stop d-lineman since the late 90s. 

I didn't think Brown was going to be available at 29, but I figured we would pass on the 355 lb NT out of FSU and then the Pats would grab him and he would become Wilfork 2.0.
I love how the only thing all NFL fans of any team agree on is that [we all hate Roger Goodell](http://i.imgur.com/FMYuXfw.gif).
I find that hard to believe....
Jalen Strong lol
How the fuck does Iowa keep producing these first round Olinemen ?
Why in the world would you think the Falcons would draft him? Have you not watched a single Falcons game? lol
What about corners?
We're going to crash Reddit again, aren't we?
Peat?
Side note: Mel Kiper's hair is sharp this draft broadcast
What does this mean for their run game? It seems that's the way they're shifting.
Did the Bennett's swap team colors?? Lol that's pretty cool. 
my first pick could beat up your first pick 
Psh, I'd rather not be up to my neck in sweat and confetti.
Nice! He's great. Good pick Giants.
Because he is a 1 tech in a 4-3. Not high priority.
I was told there would be trades.
Cutty staying? Yeeeaaaahhhh Jay! Never leave us.
Please trade rams, come on 
Still too soon
you good
That guy
Probably shouldn't be on reddit at all.
lots had us taking Gurley if he fell to us. SD might have been scared we'd take Gordon.
Now you're on the right track.
Damnit I wanted him for the jags in the 2nd :/ great pick.
Me too but its leg day. So who cares right?
I am so fucking nervous 
For all that is holy PLEASE get williams.
Fuck you, Broncos Fan 
Sigh, I agree.
I don't know of many to be completely honest. I'll look for one or if you have one in mind then you can donate it on my behalf
I was saying he's gone.
That saints fan lmao. 
HOLY FRONT 7
Like I thought, pass rush is too important in this league. No way Shane Ray was falling out of the first round.
In the box Safety must likely. Riverboat Ron played in the Buddy Ryan 46 defense.
Please take Cooper...Manning is so old
I love this pick 
That smile as he gets boo'd
If he doesn't get sacked first of course
Spoiler alert the dude perfect videos are fake
Yeah. Yeah, it will.
I'd offer a 5th or next years 4th, maybe. 

He is still unproved after all.
I imagine him watching the draft like, "oh boy we about to get me some pieces on the offensive line" and then gets heartbroken as they draft someone who's gonna take his job. Aggh man now I feel bad 
How long till we pick a scrappy white receiver who's also a gym rat? 
I really like Ray. Wasn't really expecting it till Denver traded up, because Elway usually passes on character risks.

My problem isn't really the weed itself rather it's the fact that he got caught... 4 days before the draft. blaze it all you want IMO but you can't put it down 4 days before the biggest day in your life? Idk man

He made a mistake, I think he'll learn from it. Denver has a great locker room and vet leadership. And ik we wanna make Miller jokes but the Miller of today is not that of yesterday. He's matures big time and I think he's the perfect person for Shane Ray to learn under. The thought of him and Miller for years to come has me hyped. Can't lie, Bud Dupree would of been pretty fucking nice tho.
THANK YOU! Everywhere else on that site I tried needed me to login to something and I wasn't having any of it.
Look at the past few years, you don't need to draft a RB in the 1st round. Look at the RBs who contributed and were really good on average to bad olines who were drafted in the 2nd round or later, or even undrafted. Crowell, Bernard, Hill, Bell, Lacy, Hyde, CJ Anderson, Hillman, Stacy.
They already had that. 
Ray Romano and John Malkovich repping the Jets
Make sure to keep the order straight. 
Correct.
You forget his name because he was never given a name.

Also idk why people think the book ending was better; even the author said he preferred the movie ending.
wished we had managed to trade back a ways, but we got the top lineman in the draft, presumably to fill one of the most consistant big holes on the roster. Can't complain, really.
No, I think he's their guy 
They got 'till forever. There is no time limit. 
They wanted Jerry Of Old to trade the pick along with a bunch of others in a complex web of wheelin n dealin that left the Cowboys with three mismatched socks, a bag of salt and a long snapper somehow.
Jamarcus Russell? If so Russell was a lot thicker than Jameis 
B
How the fuck was Brown still on the board? Do teams not believe in ~~nose~~ defensive tackles anymore?

Welp, I'm about as happy as I could reasonably expect to be with the last pick.
How do you think Chip feels at the moment?
Yes, you are correct. I will leave my error as a monument to my unforgivable ignorance. 
Ummmm.....Mason and Stacy would like a word with you
You want Trent Richardson?
It means no bullshit possession charges. He can smoke without any legal issues, he just needs to manage it for drug tests.
??? That's the kind of trade Belichik jizzes himself over.
Hey if he's as good as Russel Wilson, I'll fucking take it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cak0rQ8uPyA
Chip Kelly taking a Pac-12 player? Never.
[This draft](http://i.imgur.com/uLZ6RIA.png)
Like the color brown 
So I am watching the stream on NFL.com , but there is no Eisen.Mayock,... Why?
Yo that Dallas party looks like its poppin!!!
Our D-Line is ridiculous now.
We waited till the last minute. Its not like there was a good offer!
It's been more common than you think as of late. Since 2008...

* Out of the first rounders, Ryan, Flacco, Stafford, Sanchez, Bradford, Newton, Gabbert, Luck, RG3, Tannehill, and likely Winston were first game starters. 
* Outside of the first round, Geno, Dalton, Carr, and Wilson all started their first games. 
* Out of the remaining first rounders, Bortles, Bridgewater, Ponder, Freeman, and Manuel started the majority of their rookie year games. 
* Out of the 3 remaining quarterbacks, Tebow backed up Orton, Locker backed up Hasselbeck, and Manziel backed up Hoyer. All these people are better than Charlie Whitehurst and more experienced than Zach Mettenberger.

When you combine this with the fact he was drafted second overall (higher than almost all these people), he's most likely going to start the first game.
IS IT GOING TO HAPPEN?!

Edit: Damn it.
3 1sts to trade up for duke johnson!
I'm sold.
THEY DID SOMETHING SENSIBLE!
Hows being 14 working out for you?
I remember a familiar story about a first round running back who was beyond happy to play here...

But let's think happy thoughts, lol.
GOAT
I swear if the Jags take Leonard Williams I will stab someone.
[**@AdamSchefter**](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter/)

> [2015-05-01 01:03 UTC](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter/status/593943867327643648)

> Rams surprise coming....

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

That awkward moment when the Titans refused to take Cutler for 2
Post draft trade talk?
Waynes maybe?
man imagine what would happen if the Titans didn't get their pick in in time.
Giants fans who do we want?
That sounded extremely creepy.
Maybe they found a way to clone Mack?
I was always under the impression the steelers try to draft the best available player over needs. Steelers secondary is generally protected by a brutal front 7. This years front 7 was not scary. And very arguably the best performer was harrison
I wonder where the Rams go now that two OL are off the board.. they need OL badly as well. Wouldn't surprise me to see them go WR, TE, or CB.
I'm happy with this pick. 
Love this pick, Scherff is a monster 
Hahaha Sons of Anarchy is really sticking? Worst nickname ever
Wait... WHAT???
Please no Williams to Bears please please please
Time for Melvin Gordon?
Sucks for you, dude!
 More and more people are leaning towards not having kids. Plus, he actually takes care of his kids and isn't an absent father in any sense so I don't really see the issue.
WE ARE LIKE 22ND IN ATTENDANCE AND FURTHER, WE HAVE SUCKED FOR LIKE 8 YEARS, LAY OFF OF US PLEASE, WE NEVER DID ANYTHING TO NEW ENGLAND.
Still 6 rounds left, hard to find a guy as skilled as agholor later on but you could find a guy with really good size but maybe questionable route running or something late in the draft... we'll see
No Major shocks so far...... 

Sorry NFL Network. 
I feel like I am the only one who saw how lackluster his reaction was to being drafted. He looked dejected.
FUCK CHIP WHY DIDNT YOU DO SOMETHING
...can we trade Arizona? 
Lions are actually pretty good at Safety, I see them taking a lot of players before Collins.
Seriously. Usually good corners let bad linemen find time to get to the qb. And good linemen cover for bad corners (jets last year) 


Now the jets have both. 
http://i.imgur.com/xupOZ29.png
I'm a Bears fan btw, but Chrome won't let me pick a flair.
Pats not trading after all...interesting
Pick is in but we still have to wait 10 minutes to hear it...
Kiper is Grudens bitch
I'm sure the Walrus isn't going to take any of his backtalk shit. Hopefully he'll get in line and learn his place as a player, not a coach. 
*Interesting*...We have two good safeties, so I bet he switches to corner
Nope, just using twitter.
You do realize that Tom Brady is the bitch in this scenario....
yeaaaaaa no trade! we keep our players I love COX
Chris Berman is having a heart attack
Rapoport. Try to keep up with the circlejerk.
No they need a QB... plz
Robots learn quickly.
Snorlax is strong af
It works either way
LT2
People said the same shit about Anthony Barr last year and he was a stud.
They'll just run commercials til then.
Captain sucks asss
CMON GUYS!! Jay is a nice person.
Shows how out of touch he is.
"FOOTBALL!"
Vic Beasley is a good pick for the Falcons
Williams is probably so happy. 
Small market? Commercial.
I think he'll start at SS, then move to OLB once TD is ready to hang it up.
**THE SHAQ ATTACK IS COMING TO CHARLOTTE BAY-BAY**
[wut](http://draftbreakdown.com/players/ereck-flowers/)
It just died :( and I thought it was behind because it the live posting said TB was on the clock and that didn't happen for another minute or so
There's always next year
im really drunk why did we do bad
C
And now every FO tries to figure out how to trade up for Leonard Williams. Good luck boys.
It is always good going into the draft already knowing you got your guy. Very stress free.
fuck I actually liked White :(
OH SHIT DUPREE STILL ON THE BOARD

PLEASE

EDIT: FUCK YES
There have been trade rumors about Wilk. And I'd much rather have Wilk than Williams. 
You know ESPN, I don't think I'll be checking out the new "Lion Babe" EP but thanks for letting me know. 
Obviously he can pronounce Mariota's name. He just misspoke on accident.
Well I believe he's wearing red and black cuz a lot of us expected him to go at 8 to us...You guys got a hell of a pick with him falling that far down.
So much for game 7
missed it :(
[21st](http://espn.go.com/nfl/attendance) in avg attendance this year! Only 4 spots lower than New England.
WHO WANTS TO MEET ME ON 6TH ST RIGHT NOW
Nah bro it's all good now. Watching him at UW. He made up with the coaches and it looks like he really matured since that experience 
PFF hated him. They had Troy Hill ahead of him. Troy hiss is a projected 7th
Well shit. We need o line now
Great pick for the Browns.
This is it! Last chance to try to get Tennessee to cough up the #2 pick!
Shane Ray suspended for Marijuana within a month
I mean, the NFL is just nerds LARPing Madden, far as I can tell... 
Well, at least 2 years...
Seriously? One pick then a commercial?
Beasley couldn't set the edge in the ACC how's he going to be a three down player in the NFL?
Browns fans off suicide watch for 7 picks.
Yep that's what I'm watching out for
But he isn't in any trouble. He is simply being questioned for information about who his ex was friends and if he would have any idea of anyone who would want to harm that woman. The media really took off with it and its a damn shame.
Drafting Mariota was a smokescreen 
I FEEL AS THOUGH WE SHARE THE SAME AMOUNT OF ANGER.
I thought so too.... 
O_O
Detroit gets Manny Ramierez. And Broncos get Shane Ray with that pick. Risky move
Also amari never met with us. Amari met with every other top ten picking team but us
TOO MANY COOKS!
Oh lordy, ONE MORE, ONE MORE!!!!!!!
Shi*p*load of money.
this kills the commish
So much for him not getting drafted before the third. 
Who would have guessed that Winston would go first.
Amare? Really?
You were expecting Mariota? Think again!


Cassel is better.
Word on the street is that you will be swooning very soon ;)
I like their analysts better. I feel they have better draft analysis and video put together for each individual player. Also, I feel their analysts throw less cliches around when it comes to player evaluation and potential fit/future. 

Just my personal opinion. I'm sure if you asked this in the other thread you would get someone who agreed with my comment but just for ESPN over NFLN
I hope they get this year's first overall and many more to come! 
He would probably be top 10 if he wasn't a fuckwit
I thought the same thing about an hour ago. Something is wrong
I'm going to nominate GB. I think Eric Kendricks, Malcolm Brown, or Jalen Collins would have been better. 
Sounds like what the crowd wanted
Cooper gonna be fined for wearing beats headphones
I'm half asleep, and I didn't see they took him... my bad.

Chip's gonna take Eric Fisher, then.
Stream is matched to TV. People posting in here are posting spoilers they find through twitter or whatever.
You guys need Parker. 
Bye bye Mo
It was never that we were sure they wouldn't draft him. it's that we really didn't want him because he's a development player and it's the 1st round.

also Baalke has been very unpredictable in round 1 until now. 
YES YES YES!! FALL WILLIAMS!! I'LL EVEN TAKE BEASLEY AS CONSOLATION!!
Taylor Swift really does Chip justice.
THANK U BASED GOD
RIP Tom Brady.
I would be a-okay with the Pats spending a 3rd on him.
Anyone have a stream?

Yeah going to the redskins sounds awful
PICK IS IN i suppose its williams fuck


"C'mon Chip, you said you'd make it happen"
FINALLY
Some teams have trouble, we tend to find them easily. Patriots, 49ers and the like have trouble
and polluted. 
Holy fuck that interview was disgusting. 
Where do you think sammi Coates will go?
YOU'RE NOT THE BOSS OF ME!
Yes leave the receivers for tomorrow. 
Lmao that's such a prom suit too
This format blows
[Uh... sure](https://twitter.com/ZSTACY_/status/593946934819180544)
As a bama fan as well I had all my eggs in the cooper basket :(
New Head and Shoulders spokesman 
boooooo
Would not excpect that kind of slip from Gruden. Marshall Faulk probaly would like a word. Also, S-Jax was like the only thing the Rams had in the mid - late 00's. 
There is still the rest of the draft though. 
Exactly! Mariota is not going to fair any better. It's sad imo both these guys have potential but the organization is not making the decisions needed to help them at all. 
He can void his contract after this year
Ironically he might get that trade but not for the reason he wanted.

Nobody thinks Mariotta should start right away, and Mettenberger is already afraid for his job? If he can't beat out Mariotta in camp he deserves nothing more than a backup gig.
I say this with skeptical disbelief: 4 out of our past 5 first round picks are pro bowlers...
Chip's going to draft Pete Mariota, Marcus Mariota's little known younger brother. Scouts say that he's the best Papa John's delivery guy in Hawaii. High motor, athletic, always courteous and polite to customers...great prospect.
I agree. If there's one team that will absolutely not touch Collins, it's the Pats. Although there's probably an extremely high chance that he's innocent, the Pats would hate to go through the PR hell they just went through with Hernandez.
Rookie TE's are always bad. I still have hope.
Ugh I know all we have going for us on that side of the ball is Barwin and Cox and Maxwell and Alonso and Kendricks and Curry and Thornton and Graham and Ryans 
So if i get married to a Hawaiian chick and we have a kid there is a 90% chance he will play in the NFL? 
Kiper looks like ratatouille
Yep, don't know anything about the guy. That's why I said I hope the third scout is wrong. 
I see your Fuck, and raise you a Godammit.
Huntley?? 
Congrats to the Titans with this pick, it's funny that NFLN panned over Eagles fans looking upset before the Titans fans. 
This won't get deleted...
yeah it's ridiculous. 
Like Organ, but with an "u" instead of "a"
I'm Alex Flanagan? In San Diego?
I am commenting just to comment.
Exactly. This way they both get a game of NFL experience before they have to play against a real NFL team.
[Let it Rip!] (http://m.imgur.com/KdfMnD2) 
I've seen a few articles that really shined on him over the last month and was hoping we'd get him if Gordon and Gurley were both gone. 

For all the mock BS all offseason long, nobody in our fanbase really expected us to take an OT in the first because we knew there would be a run on them before we selected.

I'm really at a loss to explain how the NFL media never really saw the Panthers as needing help at safety. It's not like Roman Harper is incredible. He's serviceable, but he's lost a lot of speed and is 34 years old. 

Tillman, Norman, Boston and Thompson in our backfield. I like it a lot.
Lol biased as fuck
fucking christ get to the pick
Half life 3 confirmed.
La'el is still technically there.
Leonard Williams + Todd Bowels= Gold.

The Jets defense is going to be nasty this year.
He's not Heyward-Bey don't worry Raiders fans.
Massive dalliance fan, actually
I don't know, do guys ever really overcome problems with easy drops? Route running sure, that's something you learn, but I feel like drops are a thing that follows a guy throughout his career. I'd love for someone to show me evidence to the contrary, though, because I want Perriman to be great.
lol amari cooper 
Quite good. White should be a nice weapon for Cutler (or whoever).
Allen Texas? What year did you graduate?
So what happens to Tre? 
Well no surprise there 
WILL SOMEONE DO SOMETHING RIDICULOUS LIKE TRADE UP INTO THE MID 1ST ROUND WITH 3 OR 4 PICKS AND WAY OVERREACH UNNECESSARILY FOR BRETT HUNDLEY? 

I AM LOOKING AT YOU, JETS
Fuck yeah man thats what I want too
Well put.
Eh. He is a 'me' guy if there ever was one.
I was tuning in because of Gruden. Only one you need.
Not surprised about Leonard Williams falling. Walter Football was saying this was coming, saying an insider said he wasn't highly valued by teams.
Local commericals during the draft? Thats surprising.
He wont be as flashy as williams and wont get as much recognition but should be solid 
[Welp.](http://i.imgur.com/6xfM973.png)
I AM HAPPY WITH THIS DECISION.
Oh snap
Just imagine ... we will never hear the phrase " ... gets by Polumbus" ever again. I'm giddy just thinking about it.
DON'T TELL EVERYONE!
TV's on a *huge* delay

The Pats traded their pick and we knew the Colts pick before they announced the Ravens pick

Twitter
Haha, when drafting Cooper is like the worst decision right now you know we're in a good place.
So happy for Dante! Go Gators!
Rams went BPA. Hope it works out. 
Either way you got great value.
That's how I feel too. Everyone forget Waynes. He sucks, definitely don't get him until you are #22 sounds about right
I am in the worst, with their trash on the street side and thin pizzas.


Sigh
Bye
We also save 3mil in cap space, and we apparently were cutting him anyway, so we both won!
It's Du-PREEEEE not Du-Pray
They're going the Wayans route, betting on 8 star athletes. 
We just really really need a CB or like three...
PLOT TWIST: Marcus Mariota is still on the board. Marioto is his mustached evil twin. Chip Kelly's final shoe.
Mel Kiper looks like an inside agent for /r/enlightenedbirdmen 
Oh please, be good.
Great trade for the lions.
Cam, you can take my legs if you want. 
I know the rams have holes in a lot of areas. But I feel like they have to invest this pick in their D-line. Just an area they've neglected far too long
aaaand about that.
"Advocate for Lucifer"

Name checks out. I hope the Devil's Advocate gets traded to Canada. Nobody breaks up the AFC West Band. Nobody.
**MARIOTA WELCOME TO NASHVILLE!!!!!!!!**
I want to have a beer with this guy, seems like fun. 
Jesus, shut the hell up Gruden
I move to ban the word "blessed" from the English language. Takers?
We already have Tom Brady
Where's the user that said that WR was the least likely position the Colts would take behind QB and Punter/Kicker in the 1st?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Well thanks for another Division title guys!
Absolute steal.
This guy seems like such a good dude
I swear to fucking God Berman is going to have a heart attack.
Don't forget Harrison! 
I'm watching ESPN on cable, and streaming NFLN on my xbox.
That forehead
Kiper needs to smoke some cigs to deepen his voice.
no wayyyyyyy
Easy to say the Jets with Williams, I also think Denver got lucky with Ray, I feel like he's going to have a rather impressive rookie year.
Not really, the Bears still have no defense. 
He played DE at Clemson.
I understood that reference 
pick someone stupid!
I fully believe that Gurley is going to be an elite back in this league. However taking him at the 10 spot when there are comparable backs that will go in late 1st-3rd rounds is ridiculous.
oh god oh god oh god
*anger face*
Jets or Browns.
I think the triple option prophesy is coming true 
putting a lot of stock into the kid they drafted last year whos name eludes me
LOL figures a pot head would go to Denver. Hold all the weed you want bro.
Come on Jags, take Fowler 
Take Cooper. Please take Cooper.
So uh.....what happened with Mettenberger? Did he kick a baby or something?
beast
TBH it's closer to Dontari Poe. Not the same level of crazy combine numbers though. 
It's becoming tradition
Here is the video in case you missed it 

http://youtu.be/_wrTix-Fx1A
He wasn't even starter. 
Good pick, regardless of what a lot of people are saying about him.
At least.
Tom Brady would have went 3-3 if everything went right.
Dude, I'm gonna dream of this tonight. 
That's 4 wr for them 

do they ever talk about anything negative about picks or do they just suck 31 dicks in a row
Wouldn't have mattered since the Steelers had the tie-breaker over us. 
Dolphins need a power back, I wouldn't mind the Staced god.
I think I remember reading they just print the name on the back the second the pick is turned in. Obviously it's not very high quality but they have about 3-5 minutes to just print some stuff on there.
Some are but Winston and mariota declined to attend to be with their families 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMiF1DGHzGk

His voice cracking when he says "It's been a long journey...."

Instant feels.
Who the hell ever heard of a quick guy who was also fast?! Insanity!!!
Wow, deleted in under an hour. Guess he finally got that call from the front office but not in the way he wanted..
Horton hears a who
Hello Paul Allen.
So... Stephone Anthony is basically Vontae Mack, right?
They gotta press the names on jerseys.
I was saying Boooodell.
...what happened?
somethigsomethingClowneySomething
Don't lose faith, we still have the middle rounds where we will draft the entire Rutgers team.
Bengals take the oogieboogie man.
Shane Ray is going to be walking around dispensaries like Augustus Gloop in Wonka's Chocolate factory.
Can't believe he was just taken in the 1st round.
Involving a guy named malcolm
AMAZING
Do you honestly think the Titans would turn down that package for Mariota?
Zim Zam is the CB whisperer.

We have a scary secondary now.

I'm a fan.
Jesus
He can be, all you need to do is become a Browns fan
That would be this thing that we call "tampering".
Maybe they've got Kevin Costner in the war room this year.
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH!!!!
I was soooo worried he was going to land in chicago
Came here to find the guy I tagged to taunt him.
Trade out probs
He just watches law dramas or reads.
True, they also get to see how the draft develops and who will fall where
STAY AWAY FROM PERRIMAN, CHIP.

Take Strong or a DB here.
Gruden forgot about Jackson. Jackson was a beast
Those safties. Pls no.
The vikings accepted Wallace and his contract. Then they released Jennings for us to pick up. Then they passed on Davante Parker for us. I'm a huge fan of the vikings right now. 
JameBUST Winston
That is funny because I love it!
And with the first pick, the Buccaners have selected Jemarcus Russell 2.0!!
Needs more Goodell boos. Shit fans.
NO MERCY
Sumbitch.
I see where you're coming from. 

Yours is definitely one style of leadership and a style that works every day. Les's style at LSU is obviously a different one. 

Just analyzing Les's style, it clearly works with many guys, as several players LSU puts on these lists completely turn their college careers around, some even becoming captains. With others, it never worked (as noted by some Texans fans in here who drafted two of them). No strategy works with 100% of people 100% of the time. 

At the end of the day, players continue committing to LSU and they send more underclassmen to the league than anybody, so whatever they are doing, for the most part, it seems to be working. 

Edit: On a side note, this world needs more people doing the work you are doing. Just wanted to say "Thank you." 
Whoops
After 10 years, wouldn't you?
Trade by Niners and Chargers....
what happened to the melvin gordon thread?
Looks he'll just have to blood sacrifice their power into tebow now
Leonard Williams to Oakland? Couldn't be a better fit.
I never got to see any interview with him or anything. I wanted to hear what he has to say.
I want Scherff. I'm not sure that's realistic, though. 
Never go full Redskins
So who do we think the Falcons are going with? Beasley maybe?
fucking BURN.
Lol. We get a guy that has ONE off the field issue. He's also valued around 10-15 in the Draft. And all we had to give up is a couple 5th rounders? Have fun with Ray until you guys leave for the NFC West. 
Wow - Ian rapaport 
At this point I feel like they enjoy missing out on SuperBowls. 
Take a drink everything they say "lightening in a bottle."
Mariotoe
MARIOTO!
Any chance of Gurley going to ATL?
Easily the worst pick of the draft so far.
Texans have a scary defense. Great pass rush and now decent young corners. Not a bad pick, but their offense is still lacking.
just redskin things
It was "limited commercial breaks for the first hour" brought to you by Bose.
"Sorry everybody, come on back. Add some suspenseful sounds so it looks like we don't know what'll happen."
Williams + Mack is looking awfully... scary
I don't know the exact numbers, but he only started a couple of games. Injuries delayed him some, but skill positions take some time to catch up to NFL level. Letting them do that on the practice field instead of on Sundays is always preferable. 
wow.
ITT: So cool I don't know why everyone hates them 
We'll see
Jets should have traded. What are they thinking?
Oh it's Suzy again with the mean questions.
C'mon Eagles do it. Do it.
Couldn't go wrong with him or Williams.
The only team Mariota could help out right away was the Eagles.

He is a developmental quarterback who needs to sit for any other team.
They actually have a screen printer in the back to print them on the spot.
WHAT A PICK!

Can't believe he was still there when we picked.
I'm almost certain he starts at safety because our depth is thin there and Old Man Harper isn't exactly getting any younger... nor was he really that good last year.

But he could slide over to OLB when Thomas Davis calls it quits.
wont like it is a serious understatement.
Breaking News: Rams to trade 1st round pick for Sam Bradford
That'll pass
Now for the fun part
And I disagree with his assessment. I don't know how many times I can say this. I don't think Scherff was BPA at five. I don't think anybody playing his position should be considered BPA at five. Only reason I brought up need vs. bpa above is because the dummies who responded to me did. Independent of that argument, I don't think Scherff was a good pick or the BPA.
Fowler over Williams?

That's a bold strategy, Cotton.
I'd rather be watching that.... I was stuck updating the system until now...
Aaaand it's Dante Fowler. 
Mariota to New England
Jameis Winston.
Oh yeah, that is pretty fucked up. I was hoping it would at least be something like "What do you think your brother would say to you today" or something kind of relevant at least. It sounds like they just brought it up for no reason.
Holy shit, man. 
Wow i love this guy now
Was there just a ton of producer talk bleeding through tonight or was I hearing shit?
Is there going to be a single trade in this round?
melvin gordon had a hell of a better resume though
Damn my bad dude. Sarcasm is hard to interpret on Reddit sometimes :/
Such a stud, enjoy him 
Definitely. And if he was a great tackle who only slipped because of injury, he isn't going to get rushed in, so all the better.
Jets pls don't take Williams
One of these years the Texans will draft an offensive player in the 1st
Rough night then?
No, that's the Bears.
I personally think pass rush was a bigger need but our secondary is pretty atrocious. 
Ain't making it past 15, buddy.
Whats the point of they are just going to sit there listening to Drake on their Beats by Dre? 
lol no. Just chi-town.
I heard your pick was in since before the Texans announcement
Are they really interviewing a player who is just sitting there waiting to be drafted 
I would look miserable if I just found out I had to live in St. Louis for the next couple years.
I hate life
This is the most predictable draft ever.
It looks like Harvey Dent's Vagina.
Holy shit Tom Brady is going to die
"I'm a great guy, I'm humble..." lol
He should be exclusively in the slot now with Waynes coming in. He was really only getting exploited on the outside.
I'm trying to be. I'm unnerved. 
Let Harrison walk and get a 4th/5th round comp pick. He's depth for now. Likely means 3/4 of Douzable, Talley, Vickerson, and Bowen are gone in training camp. Also Coples is likely gone next year too for cap reasons earning another 4th/5th round comp pick. Wilk will get a contract. By the time Richardson is due a new contract there is a very real/unfortunate scenario that Mashall, Cromartie and Ferguson are all gone although we only have replacements for one of them who will be an FA that year as well (Milliner).
Dont be surprised if the Saints are the first team to trade up and snag a pass rusher.
NE's 3rd for AP. 
Someone with too much time on their hands.
And Albert Wilson and Avant are at least competent
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
And there went the guy hoping he didn't waste money on a jersey.
If they chose Kevin White it would be so Raiders.
haven't made the playoffs since the 90's either
Couldn't have said it any better myself
Going to be a long two weeks if you can't spell haiku.
OK

kicker
Hack a Shaq
I want Strong to go to Philly since its his hometown. Love to see them both get picked first round.
No! i want us to draft Gregory at 6.
*Marcus Marioto*
the Rams would like to have a word with you
They both wanted to be with their family.
More commercials. It's fuckin bullshit
Not enough time for Mike Tice. 
We're on the clock, bitches.

Work your magic Slick Rick!
does Flowers look a wee bit derp, or is it just me?
Least you didn't select a Waffle.
I felt like with all the talk of a trade that when a trade didn't happen it set the precedent of a boring draft. 
It's gotta be Mariota, right????
Exactly. I think it was Rappoport was the one who reported that deal. He is the same guy who suggested Petty was rising and could be drafter tonight. I really don't think the offer they made was close to what was reported.
the had the same record

they just alternate each round 
*Horribly* fun!
Dat watch
Woooo! They picked a WR HAHAHAHA. I was almost scared there for a second.
I can't wait for him to destroy Jameis twice a year like we destroyed Johnny Manziel this past year

Edit: ooh the Bucs fans seem salty tonight!
I think the Browns either take Devante Parker or Danny Shelton here
Kiper lost the notes an intern wrote up for him and now he's just riffing.
who is the smoking hot chick in the commercials?
Click Subscribe under the update thing
Pick is in.. what the fuck gonna happen
One of my favorites. Sigh.
Jon seems like he's embarrassed of his glasses. I like them!
God it would be hilarious if Oregon had a QB named Marioto and Goodell really did just fuck TN...
Yeah, that's fair. I actually think he can get it together. 
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaa???
It's a guess bro
Solid pick. Not AP good, but solid /s 
Now the corners go. nooooo
Thats like 2 times as much than we currently have
Great pick. Beasley is a beast of a pass rusher 
So he can become a meth addict?
http://i.imgur.com/f2P4qmr.gif
Wow! Washington is the happiest team in the draft
We may have a trade pending considering Jed York just posted

[Will #TraderTrent move up?!?! #DraftDay](https://twitter.com/JedYork/status/593942906676842497)
Beautiful
Looks like I'm committing sudoku after all...
I'd gladly take any one of these men. That means we will not get any of them.
Can't a trade still happen? Why couldn't it?
you're a damn sweetheart. I went to NFL.com's b-team coverage to see the pick live, but thank you. chargers always my #2 team >3 >3 (except this season, of course) 
You're singing a sweet sweet tune.
I really hope the Falcons get Fowler. 
"Congrats Melvin, have some chilli. Is it good? We made it from your parents, who we murdered. SAVOR THEIR FLAVOR AS YOUR LAST MEMORY OF THEM MELVIN!!!"



-Suzy Kolber
You're so drunk you changed your fandom.
He was talking alot about Shaq pre-Draft so I don't think he minds. he is at the tail end of his career and a perfect mentor. Similar players out of college
centre who is a first round prospect at guard
Jagsfan.gif just for fun
I can get behind this. 
The Browns drafted two big strong guys to carry Manziel out of bars.
Maxx time?
No. Just that he's waiting to resign. 
idk has your team found a QB that isn't absolute trash or actually won games yet?
Wow he is a big mitherfucker 
Nice. Manny is garbage.
Chip Kelly drafts... BRETT FAVRE?!?

Then it's revealed that Favre has been playing for his local community college.
LETS GO TD!!!
I will be SO upset if the Queens pick my boy Melvin.
"Mock drafters are being lazy, mocking a project DL to us. Baalke won't do that"

- many San Francisco fans, many occasions
Imagine how I felt as a Texans - Oregon fan
Jermaine Dupree is what it reminds me off. He's black 
At home in bama
who are the top three BPAs on everyone's big board?
LETS GOOOOOOOO!!!!!
pls not waynes
I like how it works for both WVU and Baltimore ;)
ALL OF THE DEFENSE!
omg we're on the clock. NO ARMSTEADS PLEASE
Oh yeah. Before the rookie salary cap, trades were very rare.
Apparently he was the top player on their board...
So much respect for this man! 
Yesss, love the pick Baltimore
Narrated by Hawkeye*
Better than ESPN
Yeah he'd move back to his natural role at 4-3 DE. We don't need Nink and Jones setting snap records 3 years in a row.
I have been, but you can't unseen the spoilers.
He won the Outland Trophy this year. His bench press isn't all that great but the dude is hellastrong and is pretty fast for a big guy. He's a great pick. 
It already has been.

Damn the AFC East is stacked with great d-lines!!
Ya. They've made good moves this offseason. 
Please Saints. We need a QB to develop. Make this happen!
Meanwhile, back in the NBA the Bulls are winning by almost 50 pts...
HAHAAHJAJA
macdaddy with the buzzer beater
FUCK YOU
Cleveland actually making good picks.
FINALLY. It's all over.
Of course he is. 
But how did /u/thefencingcoach and /u/thatsgoodsports do?
Need more Jets fans. Not enough booing.
Facebook is where all of the Walmart, meth lab operating fans comment on the team's affairs. I avoid it like the plague. 
And we're stacked at WR and TE, Luck has already MANY, MANY options... I don't know what to think...
Better not 
The mustache
Now it gets interesting! 
They'll agree on some other compensation
It's a poor use of assets to draft a guy at #20 for insurance. Either they know he's gone, or they're convinced he can play well at other positions. But even then - our OL is by far the strongest part of the team and this seems like a wasted pick.

It has to be that Mack is out of here.
No, it's pretty sad.
I wanted him so fucking much.
dat bling
Always will be.
domo arigato mr marioto
Goodbye Mohammed Wilkerson? Or they letting Williams ride the pine?
In baltimore though!
What a stupid commercial.

Spoiling a character going heel to face. Even more spoilage of Vision....

Probably showed the climax moment to boot.
Veldheer was a steal, in fact, the cardinals paid him less than what the Raiders offered him.
Did you ever make any bets, or just said Mariota would go first?
Steal!
I would have been upset if we did
Are we pretending Donald and Ronnie Brown don't exist? ;)
Jets playing to win the game
NOO
Don't like that pick for the Chiefs
Good lucking running vs panthers
Our last 1st round CB had a ton of college production but had 'meh' physical talent....let's try it the other way around this time and see if we get a better result.
Good trade for SF, Chargers just bent over and took it bare back. 
Why are they booing again?
Really? I will have to make my way over there, but of course I am pleased with it. White is a great talent and I would hate to go back to a WR corp like we did a few years ago. It sucked and we have a lot of guys who are somewhat young (Foster for example) that are in 1 year prove it contracts that will bust their ass. I think we will go defense later, but there is no way you can pass up on White. 
 
Those people are also trying to win this year, which is definitely not possible.
At least he won't have to crawl off the field with their o-line. 
Kiper is such an idiot.
Go time!
Don't hurt Tom's face.
Everyone is saying its a dumb idea but why even use a 2nd overall pick on a QB if you didn't plan to start him Week 1? I mean of course there should be a QB competition but it just seems like a waste of a #2 overall pick if you don't expect your player to have an immediate impact for your team.
He's a beast dude. I went to UCF, Saw every down he played. He needs some coaching, but the peices are all there. 
Their TE austin seferian-jenkins is pretty solid too. He was supposed to be the Bennett in the 2013-Bears-offense-"clone" that Lovie Smith tried to build.
He's a NT so not much of a factor there.
If Aaron Hernandez can figure out how to smoke a ton of weed and still pass the test then I think just about anyone should be able to figure that out. 
Didn't see it, anyone have a pic/gif?
Devante Parker to Saints? I wanted Kevin White. But Parker is damn good too.

But I think we go Bud Dupree. Follow the talent and cross our fingers.
loulouloulouville
They have the selection outdoor place and indoor theatre.
We brought him into this world and we will take him out
wow yeah, include his dead brother. I hate when reporters do this.
He mentioned he wanted to play in LA, but they don't have a team....
[**@gregaiello**](https://twitter.com/gregaiello):
>[2015-05-01 02:09:16 UTC](https://twitter.com/gregaiello/status/593960347096227841)

>Estimated 50,000 fans enjoying festivities in Chicago's Draft Town so far tonight. [#nflfans](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23nflfans) [#NFLDraft](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23NFLDraft)

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=http://reddit.com/34hd70%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

what team is most likely to take collins now? any chance he falls to redskins in 2nd round?
pffft
Haha only now?
My guess is Peters.
Yeah but other teams have actual weather to deal with and people don't want to freeze their balls off for 4 hours. You guys have no excuses. 
I can't be the only one who thought he took a step back compared to his rookie year.
If mandible size is any indication of skill, looks like Scherrf is a good pick. 
Beaty isn't a bad LT. Overpaid, yes. But you could do way worse. Flowers is a RT for the next few years likely
Hoping Chip sells the farm to get Mariota.. that would be fun to watch - both tonight and for the years to come lol
DJ Humphries. FUCK. WE NEED OL LOVIE. COME BACK UP, NOW!!!
Perriman's going to be a bust, and DGB is Josh Gordon 2.0.

I want Strong personally, buy Aghalor would be OK too.
if the raiders go WR i want baalke to trade up. Leonard Williams would look great in red and gold...
I'm so indifferent about Waynes, we need a corner, I'm not sold on him in our scheme necessarily... But we didn't take DeVante, so I'm happy I guess?
T.J. Clemmings anyone?
Great young QB? The hell...
The new "non black enough" player.
god that Jets front seven if they get Williams here....
always offer 2 young WRs and a 5th round... works everytime
The draft just started on NFL.com/ How behind am I?
He did say he'd like to live in LA, soo..
Allowed 18 40+ yard pass plays.

Lol christ we were so bad
IT'S ER**E**CK
And now to see if the dominos fall...
Huh. I was not expecting a tackle from Redskins.
After Kiper makes a forced comment about the draft (where he knows what the pick is and he has to force an opinion) he turns his body a bit and shakes his leg kind of bouncing in his seat 
Uh gbar, and that place next to ny ny are two that immediately come to mind. 
> BRPD doesn't even want to question him until next week.

How on earth is that being morphed into a positive.... 

If they just wanted to know who was fighting with her what she did in a day etc they wouldn't want a weekend to prep for the interview lmfao 
[Brandon Scherff on the Redskins be like](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/fairlyoddparents/images/b/b5/CrimsonChin.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20081230232859&path-prefix=en)
Not as upset as him being a saint, but it sucks that he will play for such a below average team
Stay away from Kendricks you fucks
Here's the **[New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/09/sports/football/personalizing-jerseys-of-top-nfl-picks-is-a-race-against-the-clock.html)** article from last year's draft. I'm assuming they have only gotten faster...! 
And hopefully all of that "Peterson to Dallas" talk will finally stop.
Lmfao if you ask /r/nfl Perriman is a damn UDFA.
SKREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Next team can pick.
We need Mariota as much as we need Bud Adams to rise from the dead to skull fuck our team a few more times
YOU CANT RUN AWAY /U/CAPS_LOCK_LIAR
What the fuck do you mean by this? Since 2001, the Raiders have only picked 2 WRs within the first 3 rounds of any draft. 
Goodell isn't going to walk back and forth across the street for every pick is he?
I was really enjoying streaming on Xbox...Until these Pop-Up polls....


edit; Stop drsfting everybody guys! c'mon...
MARCUS MARIATO? REALLY ROGER?
can we please hurry up and get to the Ravens pick please? 
It's always sunny
Berman plugs Bose while they show Mariota wearing Beats.
What a puss. Won't even compete with a guy coming off major knee surgery. Wants it handed to him on a silver platter. Would not want on my team.
That killed me. Fuck Notre Dame. There are others too
who the hell is Tim Couch lol 
[Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPnJ2tR2h_M)
I like the sound of that. Sounds like a talented player that has room to grow and could be utilized in a number of ways.
Didn't expect that.
A CB? I thought Texans were set back there?
I'd say the only reason for this pick is that it is BPA. I didn't expect it at all but maybe TT had him rated a lot higher than other people

To you? No fucking way. 
Well, with Manning the run defense didn't need to be good because you could count on Peyton putting up so many points that the other team *had* to throw it. That might be what they're going for again.
im upset to. 
I'm really high, fueled with pad thai....That still sounds great. 
Vikings trying to become the Legion of Boom north with Rhodes, Smith, and Waynes.
I'm honestly surprised he's not back in Oregawn 
Pyro
To be fair, yours was 13 years ago and doesn't make you any more relevant today.
Home field advantage.
Repost this if you are a beautiful strong Denver NFL team who don't need to guards
Thank fucking god
Then it seemed to die when he climbed the boards into the early 2nd and out of our reach. The fact that they took him at 20 instead of making a trade similar to last years for Matthews tells me teams were higher on him than was being reported 
Ogbooyah!
His GF though...

Well, this name ain't Kevin Black.
He's still raw as hell. He'd fit better on a team with experienced D-Linemen so he can learn more moves. 

Source: Kentucky Fan
LMAO NFL NETWORK
No Gurley in ATL
Because the defense helped him pull magic plays out of his ass 
BIG AND BLACK NEXT VINCE WILFORK IS CONFIRMED.
Zac Stacy tweet: "Yikes"
Initially, I was kinda upset. I knew Breshad had a really good pro day and I had heard him being described as a workout warrior. The comparisons to Torrey didn't help either: fast, inconsistent hands, not a great route runner. I'm confident he'll fix his hands, and he's not a body catcher so that's good too. Good size at 6'3" and good speed to stretch the field. Just what the doctor ordered after Torrey/Jacoby's departure. 

8.5/10
Do a barrel roll!
Hey man, the first movie helped me through a rough time and changed my life.
It was originally supposed to be an abortion joke.
That was unexpected broncos
That's what I'm thinking too.

/crosses fingers
I don't know how true that is. I think he probably considers all of it. Raji was a very strong player in college but he was a combine superstar. Harrell was a pick based mostly on potential as well. Bulaga was a good OT in college with excellent measurables. The year they took Hawk, they were rumored to covet Davis who was one of the biggest combine stars of all time.

I think a lot of people like to project onto Thompson, creating a sort of explanatory framework that's probably more precise than what he's actually doing.

If there's one thing that Thompson seems to have a tendency towards, it's selecting versatile players who can fit hybrid roles. You look at a lot of the current guys on the Packers who were day 1 and 2 picks--Clay can play all the LB positions, Raji had the athleticism to play multiple places on the line, all the WRs on the roster can return kicks, Hyde, Hayward and Clinton-Dix are all DBs who both have ball skills and can blitz, all the TEs are asked to play some FB, and so forth.

McCarthy and staff absolutely love moving guys around the field and experimenting with them in different roles. They have their WRs all learn to play in the slot. They have Cobb play RB. They regularly put Kuhn, who on most teams would be a traditional fullback, on the field in shotgun. Their TEs play everywhere. On defense, they love blitzing DBs. They love switching guys between ILB and OLB (Brad Jones, Clay Matthews, Carl Bradford, etc). They have Mike Daniels switching between OLB and 3-4 DE.

I think McCarthy really uses the versatile guys well, and so Thompson likes to load the team up with them. That seems to be the mold that this guy fills as well.
God I'm angry
I like Byron Jones, but yeah Dupree has better upside and probably better value at this point.

I just think you need a lot of help on that secondary. Maybe going all in on pass rush will help.
How do they have those jerseys ready so quickly? 
Well fuck..
[Tuiasosopo!!](http://38.media.tumblr.com/3f8a3f484e02aa649fc928a199dd4140/tumblr_mh6im7PLhq1rln8zro4_250.gif)
Ha I agree completely. I only picked him because he was from U of M, not based on his draft rating. I just think I'd have an easier time cheering for a Duke football player than a U of M football player lol. Now basketball on the other hand....
Never press. /r/notap
Mel sounded like he was gonna die there.
browns really blew it there /s
Neither nor. 
Randy Gregory to StL?
Patterned after Von Miller. Playing with Von Miller. I don't understand 3-4 or where he'll fit in.
I'm glad we can stop being the Suck'n'Cut guy and start being more like Wayne.
He's gonna have enough kids to make a team in Salt Lake.

The Salt Lake Rivers.
I LOVE that Goodell is getting booed!
man I hope we can snag Eddie Goldman tomorrow night 
The WR's are going to start coming off of the board now
Good passing game and terrible defense. We need balance, there will be more RBs in the draft.
If we invaded what third world country you hail from tomorrow you would become a colony tomorrow.
http://i.imgur.com/OvfONhC.gif
MJD be like "what am I doing here"
Lifer.
lol we were all thinking it you said it.
hahaha you're funny
They can just trade him later. They holding MM hostage from Chip. 
This is a fairly ordinary draft. 
Once Johnson was off the board, I was hoping for Jones or Algholor. I'm fucking ecstatic about Algholor though. 
Thats actually pretty funny 
Chip's sweating.
COME ON SLICK RICK. 
Gotta think Bills take a flyer on him. He has potential to be a Quality Starter and An average QB makes them a contender.
Not saying I agree with the pick, but it doesn't make the pick any less fun
[Goodell](http://i.imgur.com/f9FW2.gif)
Fuck. Why did he have to fall into our division?
No trade :(.
"dead brother lul"- Suzy Kolber
Have fun, Tom
They just need a QB to protect now
Really it didn't matter who we picked it was bound to have LOLBROWNS 
I forgot Faulk was drafted by the Colts. I was like waitaminnit...
boooooooooooooo
Jets like D though
Not in the first round, I pray.
http://imgur.com/gallery/cXqTvgJ
"Lol Fuck defense or time in the pocket" - Grigson
That was not a good pick. They've got no O-line. 
Where's the shoe Chip?
DONETSK CRIES TEARS OF JOY.
Lol brace your self Atlanta
True I mean they hit the nail on the head with Roby 
If they didn't call the pick in immediately, they may have been able to trade back a few spots, pick up a few mid round picks, and still end up with Trae Waynes. That's how BPA works best. If you're not happy with the best player available, you can move down, gather some ammo for later, and still take the best player down there.

Trae Waynes and Kyle Fuller shutting down 2 receivers at a time would be very very valuable in a division that has Jordy opposite Cobb, and Calvin opposite Tate.

Imagine what a few extra seconds of coverage could accomplish for your base rush. 

I'm a Packers fan, I know all too well that it doesn't matter how dominant your offense is, if your defense is going to choke in the playoffs anyway. That's the point behind my self depricating original comment that no one got. Learn from our mistakes. Address your defense. The Monsters of the Midway are completely gone.
Tim Tebow.
The same GM took Ike Taylor, William Gay, and Keenen Lewis after the first so yes, yes it has.
oh, I thought you meant if he had been drafted last season. 
Also not Peet's coffee. Disappointed.
Great. TY, Johnson, and this dude on the 3rd corner? Cool.
Booorring
Second round.
Mack and Leonard Williams?
[You just want Gurley for yourself don't you Mr. Ravens fan?](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/Vhp9npyrpyA/maxresdefault.jpg)
He gets paid to make mock drafts, which he's VERY good at as you can tell.


Just cause his mock draft says the Giants take him doesn't mean he agrees with the pick.


Kiper the scout is not as good as Kiper the mock drafter.
Leonard Williams droppin like it's hot.
And here we go
Based on what they turned down for the second pick, it looks like the colts are gonna have to give them Andrew Luck and 34 years worth of first round picks.
You guys killed it with picking OBJ, I'm excited to see who you guys grab this year.
Its what's happening when it says "pick is in"
"Cooper could be the next Jerry Rice." Uh, Mel, you sure you wanna marry yourself to that comment?
I thought I was the only one who hated this. I hate the word bae in general but hearing it used like that drove me nuts. I didn't want us to draft him simply because I'd have to hear that 24/7
30th pick is basically the second round already, though.
Tator tot hot dish
FUCK IT 5 WIDE RECEIVER SETS HAIL MARY MADDEN OFFENSE COMPUTER SIMULATE DEFENSE.
Sorry!!! Thank you for the compensatory GIF though!
Marcus Marino.
So can nobody pronounce Mariota? Goodell almost had an aneurysm tying to do it.
Rich Eisen is big in the 'hood.
I'm more impressed that Manny Ramirez made the tradition to football after a long MLB career. now THAT was risky 
LET'S GO BOI
Scherff is Hodor

HAHAHA SKINS. Williams was on the board!
The Bears have won the Super Bowl!!
"Oh no"
He would have been a great first round pick... You know, to the pats at #32.

It sucks being a fan of a good team. 

Two more hours until the Packers pick.
Teams will start moving down to pick up extra picks here soon im sure.
Why would you pass on the best player in the draft that wants to play for you?...
This is for mods bud
Is this where the line starts?
I wish it was in Canton. Start your career there in hopes to end there. 
Woo! Time to put up 42 in a half again!
Sigh, why you gotta go to the NFCN Trae... spartandawgs
We should have taken him 
http://i.imgur.com/KOeTwf1.jpg
Jets fans named Vinny on blast
Did he just shake his head!? 
This is the worst time to post this.
Its about time. I'm tired of our team looking stupid small compared to our competitor. Great move drafting this guy IMO.
Yeah. I understand the teams not wanting to waste a pick drafting him and then finding out he's guilty.
Berman what the fuck
How long has he gone without a bathroom break?
Gurley?! Poor Tre Mason...
Derek Carr to Amari Cooper AC/DC
He played decently enough for his first real NFL season, and then had disappointing performances in the playoffs. I'm not ready to call him a bad player at all.
Congratulations Browns, you got yourself a coke machine for your run defense. Easily the best pick you could have got at this point.

MARIOTO. WHAT.
Vroom vroom 
Eh, I prefer the book.
Tim Brady
Damnit I liked him too
In Ted I trust... I guess

you doubt this guy?

http://imgur.com/liKVJZ2



Uh most of the teams that picked OL in the first last year didn't really see that much success. In fact, I think y'all may have been the only ones to make the playoffs that to a OL in the first last year.
GAROPPOLO TO TAMPA BAY??!?!!?!
hAHAHAhahAHHAH~!
Was fun to watch at UConn. Hope he does better than Carr, should be good with Scandrick.
The pick is already in
I just vomited in my own mouth
Why would it not be legal?
Was hoping for a trade but didn't get one so fuck it MARIOTA IS THE FUTURE THE AFC SOUTH WILL RISE AGAIN
It's more than that for the Cowboys. The entire Cowboys OL improved and played great last year. You can find good guard prospects much later and their impact is not worth the 5th overall.
He kissed her. Go on Twitter and put "Byron Jones white girl," black girls mad af hahaha
I've this weird feeling Kip drafts out of the 1st now in revolt. 
Ain't nobody want your big ass anyways
WE WANT SHELTON
Mmm..smoothie...
Rams are said to "love" Parker and had him rated the same as White
Brutal.
Laken Tomlinson to the Lions.
Alex Flanagan is in San Diego for us guys!!


Seems like a nice young man, too bad I have to hate him now.
Marioto. Nice Goodell
"Rams surprise coming..." -Schefty
Rip The Mett
I'm so lost
**THIS IS THE FUNNIEST TIMELINE**
Finally someone that's there
>joined at the *C*hip

FTFY
I have apparently misunderstood "Look who's talking" this whole time
I am happy I waited to see what we got in this "trade"
Or Mariota. And hopefully Williams wont fall for them. 
Question: What happens if he fails the physical? Like the picks already be made?
I'm still pretty sure he's the result of a government effort to combine a steamroller, a cheetah, and a whole bucket full of teflon.
The wrong thing, most likely. :-)
They knew what they were doing.
LOL at the look on Grudens face when they didnt switch cameras fast enough. Can someone please get a GIF of that?? 
Patriots trade the 32nd pick to Houston
He's slow as hell after the snap.
And I'm sure he'll look great on the bench while Richardson and Wilkerson play. You gonna play him on the nose? lol. This dude is also overrated to fuck. White will be a top 5 WR in 3 years.
Really hoped for crazy trade here
I bet the first person to sack him will celebrate by imitating a crab and pinching at the air, like how people did the "money Manziel" thing after sacking Johnny.
OH MY GOD WHAT THE FUCK I THOUGHT FOR SURE THEY WOULD TAKE COLLINS
How many of them are Great?
Can someone say TRADE???
Bulls fan my whole life. I'm from southern Wisconsin and my cousin took me to Bulls games a lot when I was like 5 and MJ was in his prime. Been a fan since and I never looked back. 
"Say what if you sleep with your own sister."
BACK IN MY DAY WE PLAYED EACH OTHER. Jk I think I entered right after the ban. Well it turned into racists chants on both sides so yeah hopefully things have changed..
[**@RAIDERS**](https://twitter.com/RAIDERS):
>[2015-05-01 04:16:57 UTC](https://twitter.com/RAIDERS/status/593992477104734209)

>49ers go all black, Raiders go gold to celebrate 50th anniversary of the Super Bowl. [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CD5JAZqVIAETEq6.jpg) [^[Imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/49Fo3Q8.jpg)

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=http://reddit.com/34hf9v%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

God I hope Tebow is the starter. 
I would have been ecstatic with Peters. But Waynes will be more than serviceable along side Rhodes.
Seriously where are the trades?
My cousin is with him right now at an event. He said the room got real awkward when Williams was taken.
Fucking Spurs playing at the same time as the draft. fml if we don't win and they schedule game 7 around Pacman fight.
Wow, someone is gonna get L-Will and it will be a steal. If I am Wash, I am praying that Oakland takes a WR
Chargers must really really want whoever they are going to get to move up 2 spots for an extra 4th and 5th rounder
Bud is just a nickname, his actual first name is Alvin... Okay that's pretty white too. 
they actually don't have space for him on their roster. With Wilkerson and Richardson, where would Williams even play?
Embarrassing, Goodell pronounced "Philadelphia Eagles" wrong 
I knew I was silly to hope we'd get him
If there is a Chip, there is a way
We could make the deserts bloom with Chris Berman's face sweat.
Who the fuck cares

edit: I take it back, this is amusing. I expect to see Skip Bayless ripping the titans tomorrow on first take for their unprofessionalism
Nobody likes him, happens every year
What don't you like about him?
They're taking awfully long... 
Chandler Jones as Stevie
You guys don't get it. We are going to draft a punter and secretly teach tebow to punt and then have "special teams plays" for when we constantly go 3 and out. IT'S GOT DANG BRILLIANT 
Boodel is getting it this year!
Everyone keep your hands off of Gordon
We got outbided for Maclin, what are you even talking about. 
Kind of seem like the NFCE teams so far trying to follow a formula of some type. Like they trying to emulate some other team 
Maybe they thought that SF was looking at picking up Gordon? It really doesn't make too much sense to me either. 
i keep thinking im on a super delay on my stream, but nope, just a shit ton of speculating
THEY'RE SHAKING HANDS!
You see, there is this magical land called Canada.
I don't get it. I thought he said in his AMA that if he could play in one city it would be Los Angeles
Fuuuck.
18 picks though
they're trying to stretch what should take 3:30 into 4 hours
I'm sure they've traded him by now 
Mr. Mariota meet Mr. Watt
They could have one hell of a CB tandem now.
What a nice guy.
Does having mariota make you want to lose wisenhunt?
BENGAL BROS ITS TIME (right after this commercial break)
"I can't believe Travis Frederick went in the first" 
No surprise there.
I will post a video of myself kissing a picture of Malcolm Butler if this happens 
/r/nfl just got blueballed HARD by chip kelly. 
So should saints draft Kendricks or Gregory ?
I hope he does well, loved watching him in Oregon 
Don't look up the last time Cleveland sold 10 cent beer at a sporting event.
I'm sure the crab legs are fresh in Tampa.
>For all the mock BS all offseason long, nobody in our fanbase really expected us to take an OT in the first because we knew there would be a run on them before we selected.

Aye. This happened last year. It'll keep happening for as long as we keep picking in the 20s, impact tackle prospects get taken off the board early. What we should be looking for, assuming our success holds up, are project tackles with good potential. But we should never be picking them in the first round, because it isn't worth it.
Fuck you too :)
Anywhere but St. Louis 
WOW NOT A SEXY PICK JUST A DECENT PLAYER. THIS IS SO UNBROWNS 
Fuck you Goodell, announce that shit you fuck.
But then the Browns will only have 51 starters and the bus will be a fucking mess!
You didn't think to post something NFL draft related in the NFL sub?
thanks guys
What a Jets pick...
STOP PRONOUNCING IT OREGAWN I FUCKING WANT TO EXPLODE RIGHT NOW


SMOKE WEED EVERYDAY 
Watch them trade down to #22
Fuck, now the Redskins get Williams. Thanks a lot Redskins FO.
No surprise here.
Pretty sure 'Talent isn't enough' is our motto
Oh no shit. Did not realize the tie breaker doesn't hold for all rounds. That's kinda cool
REKT
Jarvis isn't that bad really, he's just not a pass rusher. Bud will be.
Hahaha, good one NFL

https://twitter.com/NFLLive/status/593955337700511744/photo/1

You will know soon enough.
The Bills, or you specifically?
That gif is beautiful. 
You don't have to keep saying Scherff was McCloughan's BPA. That was obvious when they picked him. All I did was diagree with his assessment and you got really butthurt for some reason. You didn't have to respond. Especially when you keep saying the same, obvious-to-everyone thing. 
Will be one of the best picks of this year's draft. This kid has it. 
Spoilers!
Running the Ball and stopping the Run is a recipe for success in this league, even in these pass happy times. Simple but solid moves by the Browns. 
If the Eagles trade for #2 and pick Mariota Ill eat a Texas Pappas burger.
Fuck Duke. Go Tar Heels.
ESPN just can't help themselves with these spoilers 
"And with the 20th pick of the first round, the Philadelphia Eagles have selected Marcus Mariota citing they claimed dibs."
At this rate the 2nd round will start before all the first round picks are announced.
You guys could use an ILB
Man, sucks for Williams
 DAMARIOUS RANDALL, Arizona State (5-11, 197, 4.41, 1-2): Played junior-college baseball for a year, hurt his shoulder and returned to football for two JC seasons. Started for Sun Devils at FS in 2013-'14. "He reminds me of Devin McCourty," one scout said. "Size is the hold-back. He's just not physical." Twelve months ago his weight was 187. "He reminds me a little bit of the guy the 49ers drafted last year (Jimmie Ward) at the bottom of the first," a second scout said. "People talk about it's a passing league and the box safety is growing out of style. He kind of fits in with the new wave of safeties who can cover receivers and are strong enough to play around the line of scrimmage. But sometimes he gambles a little too much and takes himself out of position." Finished with 177 tackles (15 for loss), six picks and 12 PBUs. Wonderlic of 18. "He's not a good tackler," a third scout said. "He doesn't break down. Just dives at people. Small-framed person. Small waist. Little bowlegged." From Pensacola, Fla
Not sure how drafting T.J. Clemmings or Perriman would elevate us more than Shaq. We also have 8 picks left. 
IALTO
HOLY FUCK GUYS!!!! HOLY FUCK 
> I hate your team but damn you guys know how to build a dynasty

Yeah, they built it by drafting Dline in the first round, not WR. I hope Cooper turns out to be great for you, but I really think it should have been Williams.
Bolt up charger fans!!!
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
MARKUS MARIANO !!!!
Well that was a bit of a cock-tease. "With the first round pick the Tampa Bay Buccaneers pick..." I'm still waiting for the end of that sentence.
Makes sense, he would probably be a top 5 pick without his injury.
I think you have to point out when he's *not* doing that.

That's just what I assume he's doing when I think about Chip Kelly.
Lollll
I'd heard Houston was interested in him months ago. Foster's getting older and is always banged up.
I would think that the team on the clock would have to be aware of the pick before them
I'm calling it, we're going to make a play for AP now.
Nooooooooo I wanted Gregory
I swear there were some wagers on the wager thread that said Leonard Williams wouldnt fall.
Dapper as fuck. 
Hey we have some pretty good guys at the line :(
Safe pick by the team
Are you retarded? We had a top 3 draft last year
A lot of people just pronounce it that way. I almost only hear it that way in MA. 
HE EVEN HAS THE UNCLE VINCE TWINKLE IN HIS EYE :')
Harper


it was a pretty bad # 7 pick
Yahoo!
I can never watch enough highlight footage of this Cooper kid. So effortless. 
http://i.imgur.com/PK5TrMX.jpg
He would learn alot from Justin Tuck, he would be pretty good forum the Raiders.
Wow, that's the first pick that I didn't expect
Good trade for us
NFL and Chicago have teamed up to make it a great experience! Great job!
Okay, let's spend two seconds talking about the Ravens then right back to the QBs, I see how it is
Great that Josie is playing right now. 
Good on you, Jags, for being so quick!
Really liking this pick, its sort of like the rams are saying "if we can't fix our qb and o-line, we'll just make an offense that doesn't require either of them to function.
[You were telling the truth, but it was from pre draft, so I don't know if it counts](http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/nfl/titans/2015/03/24/ken-whisenhunt-marcus-mariota-oregon-tennessee-draft-starter-zach-mettenberger/70372812/)
Schefter is tweeting all kinds of clues for spoilers
This offseason has seen a large volume of wacky shit.
I think Melvin had a little fun before the draft.
So quickly we forget about Antoine Winfield, Cedric Griffen and... Madieu Wiliams.
Loving the pick gives some speed on the outside. Havent had a deep threat since Johnny Knox
***Colts pick WR Phillip Dorsett... WOW***
Better hope the saints don't ruin your fun 
At least we'll have a different QB this year :/
SPOILERS

He shoots himself and wakes up in the hospital. I think he's all wrapped up in bandages and unable to speak. He thinks he's in heaven at first, but then the doctors come in. Turns out they're project mayhem members. They call him Tyler, and say they're looking forward to having him back, basically.
Those heartbroken Eagles fans
I'd love an answer to this. 
It's good, but they got absolutely SMACKED up the middle plenty of times through out the season, while still having a dominant passing offense. Obvious need that could support luck on his turnovers, which he's very prone to.
I don't know how to predict anymore. Those top 7 were pretty predictable. The Falcons could go in a lot of directions. Shelton? Beasley? Gregory? 
Yeah just let the Patriots get a great pick. Nice job 31 teams...
He was but a majority of mocks had us taking him if Scheriff was taken before us (BTW fuck you guys for getting the guy I wanted, also thank you for not picking Leonard Williams).
Do the Redskins take Williams?
It's too violent there. It's safer at the coliseum. 
Who people also thought was a reach.
No trade? :(
WATTTTT who dat guy?
Worried?
Mary-oh-toe
Really? That's surprising.

I'm basing my opinions mostly on having watched the two of them play, I didn't pay a lot of attention to the combine this year. for what that's worth.
Here we go Brownies! Here we go! Woof woof!
I'll wager 9675, Bob. 
We already have Dobson 
NFL drug free? That's a fun way to downplay the truth...
i just shit my pants
Well at least the endless speculation is done. Maybe.
Dante needs a Barber Shop Quartet with that Suit 
This makes literally no sense at all.

Seems completely random.

Needs at ILB, DL, and CB. We pick a guy that has been playing FS in arguably the least needed position of those three that is going to need time to transition to CB.

Pick isn't even BPA. So confused.

K...
Before Leonard Williams? Huh
Draft Day!
Needs to make a name for himself.
Insurance policy for Mack. Also he can play all positions on the O Line (or so they said on ESPN). 
I feel like he will try to play ss for them
Oh man. That What does the fox say sign... 
"I'm gonna turn this city around and i'm humble".. uhh
Jags aren't messing around. Get these picks in, teams!
Whoa
Ha!
Yeah we seem to always draft projects. Kinda annoying but it hasn't been all bad. Maybe he can make a quicker impact than expected. Plus if JSmith doesn't retire, he could have a full year to learn under one of the greats so that could be awesome

r u serious Goodell? Marioto? For real?
mariache
Dude looked pretty good to me. I'm a bit jelly of that.
we dont need him, just want him to go somewhere he can shine
Rotation
[He looked so good in silver and black too :(](http://i.imgur.com/HLBRLHR.png)
You can't be the steal of the draft if you are the second pick in the draft Gruden. 
Yeah, thats my guess. I don't know college players at all, were the ILBs available all considered reaches at this pick?
Right? The thing is they aren't equipped at all to break in a young promising qb. How is this different than a shit team murdering a young prospect every year and throwing them into an impossible situation? Hasn't that been decided by now to be an ugly and bad thing? At least they have a qb who has some playing experience. Introducing a qb to the league behind a terrible line and offense, when has that EVER worked? Why not build up your team this year with picks and choose a qb next year who's a better fit? You fuckers aren't even READY for a franchise qb right now, don't get ahead of yourselves.
Things are going to get insanely interesting right now!
He will be saying that quite a bit this year with the DL's he will be facing, Houston 2x, Buffalo, Jets, Dolphins, can't be fun
Guys...are we finally off Chip's Wild Ride?
No, tape is the best way to evaluate power, and on tape he's got no power.
I don't think it's necessary over
They could, but nobody will offer them much, probably. That's going to be a red flag.

Besides, schemes can change. QBs are typically the one position you build a team around.
Hence the "holding out hope..."
I mean that's true but you really focused on explosive 
Lotta bigs left on the board
Holy shit with all the booing...
Seriously, they're rollin with stills, landry, jennings, and now parker
Bastard.
Lots of people considered him the 2nd best corner.
Maybe you'll trade up! That's like converting, right?
Poor Chip ;_;
Thank you based bot
I was pleased with it. Kid has all the potential in the world. Hopefully he's less injury prone than Mo has been. Haha
"I'm a great guy, I'm a humble..."

Hmmm...
nice call

Holy shit. DaVante Parker please drop to 15. 
Haden?
Jake fisher still on the board! 
Until he washes out of the league and can't even get an invite to the veterans combine.
Does this mean Sheldon is moving to linebacker?
God I hope some runs up and stabs Goodell when he comes out with the Raiders pick
He could play RB if they needed him to.
If Collins didn't have all that bullshit surrounding him...
Okay, well clubs get shot up people get robbed all the time. Shit loads of homeless people begging for money, I'd say around 40 percent of the clubs make you get pat down before you go in.

But if you don't think so thats fine. I guess I'm not as tough as you.
Now the fun begins
Agholor, Huff, Cooper, Matthews, Celek, Ertz

Pretty good!
HAS ANYONE CHECKED TO SEE IF CHIP IS STILL ALIVE?
Does this mean he will play sax in the Saints' 2015 hype song in a 'Ram it'-esque fashion?
good move by the niners
Dalles 
Babin too.
i thought this was a coup. depending on how much you value manny, it changes, but we got a guy rated top 10. outside other needs like qb's and wr's, the best rated was looking to go 6th. 

chargers gave up more for a rb that likely would have been there. 
apparently the team is going to play him at CB.
Jameis Winston, QB, FSU.
Texans, Browns, Jets, Bills would be the only teams interested. Probably not a good sign for Met if 88% of the league doesn't need you.
Titans taking Mariota
Jameis was too. Beats spent a lot of money to promote their Bluetooth headphones for the draftees phone calls 
You ended up with My fav player for the draft, congrats
Early mocks. I'd say after the combine most of them had Dupree gone before we picked.
Oh man if the Titans run out of time and get leapfrogged... 
Still think Jesus was a solid pick as the 1st overall pick in the first NFL draft. 
some cards fans have been hailing him as the next calais campbell
I've taken faps more exciting than this draft
What? No, that's a haul bud
Just be glad the NFL hasn't, yet, adopted my idea of spreading out the draft so that there is one first round pick each day.

dmacisabeast

that opportunity cost

unrealized karma
Most anti climatic draft ever
Didn't Mel JUST say he thinks he'd be a reach? Lol
Ware is older, he was a starter but was not playing every snap. Even if Ray isn't a day 1 starter, he'll have plenty of space to rotate in

Also, Miller is a LB . . .
The moment it became legal in the state, my first thought was "fuck, now everyone is going to make weed jokes when they talk about anything Colorado related.".....
Redskins also picked in a flash?
I don't know if it's the draft or the song in my head but I feel like dancing like a crazy person!
Excellent pass rusher, fantastic speed, great technique.

Poor against the run, low motor against the run at times, *possibly* undersized (I don't put much stock in this though). 
They have to wait for Goodell to come out anyway, might as well fill in the time with some talk.
Two RBs in the top 15.

THE RUN GAME IS ALIVE!

Good pick Chargers.
Gurley!!!
TBH I don't think he takes snaps at RB here. Team is welcome to prove me wrong, but I think they'll want him focused on being the best SS/OLB he can be.
Fuck you steelers. 
Jets can you please make up for Wilmer Flores pissing me off with an exciting pick?
In 1999, sure. Can't get by with crap DBs like you used to be able to.
Zimmer going to gobble up that Bud Dupree :)
THE WAY TO FOOTBALL IS TO GIVE YOUR QB EVERY WEAPON IN THE LEAGUE SO NO ONE ELSE HAS ANY. 
Oh, you mean like you did last year with Mosley?
there's no need to be showing stephen hill highlights for breshad perriman
yeah I mean i make millions here or millions over there what a tragedy
WHAAAAAAAAAAT!??
They're sitting on the phone to see if someone will sell the farm for Jameis
It's funny because it's true.
Our linemen? We only have 2 starters.
In 2013 he did really well at Center, but in 2014 he was pretty bad and was shifted to RG
Ravens fans, who should we be looking forward to?
so how much will Godell fine him for that?
I think non genuine news posts are.
I like your NFL flair. Who do you root for, the referees?
That's the last thing they need. 
Looks like he said it better
I think at least half our fan base is shitting themselves...and these announcers talking about how WE ARE taking Mariota is scaring me.
I mean it's *mildly* amusing...ish
Smallest cheering of the draft don't worry we are all confused
Nooooooooooooooooo.

I wanted Ajayi! Fuck this.
"Chicago is... *looks at notes* DRAFT TOWN!"
Hundley. Shot in the dark.
at least there wont be any blackouts for you guys this year with the new rule changes and stuff....
HAHAHAHA WHAT??
Ramirez to play C. Raiola is old and a dick
I think you mean Herschel 2.0 
Bud Dupree still on the board?? Saints or Browns taking him for sure
People that say they're humble really aren't that humble. 
based on the mock drafts and so called "nfl experts" mainly on espn.com, nfl.com. we really don't know what the NFL scouts knows and what they see and if we did, we wouln't be fans on reddit talking about it. i had him at 23 to detroit. 
I think there are fixed amounts based on draft position and if they don't like it they can suck a dick basically.
People talk about this all the time. Listen, it's *summer*! Enjoy the next 4 stress free months! :)
Shout out to melvin, I love it 
Ignore him UGA-Jag brother
geez it's pretty funny, you grouch.
Dante Fowler, you don't need to stab someone....unless Dante Fowler is also stabworthy...

Well damn now who do we take??
OK that makes sense, I don't know how much more abuse poor Rog can take. 
We unleashed the brady, we killed one of their QB's, we are responsible for him. We kill Brady we might unleash another HOF QB.
IT WAS ALL BULLSHIT
That dude accounted for like 77% of their offense one year......

May not be the right number, but the year I had him in fantasy football he accounted for about that high amount on offense which is insane by someone NOT a QB.

I agree, I can't believe he just said that. He was their everything
That must have changed fast b/c it's pretty basic. What did it say?
Darth Vader is Luke's father.
I keep wanting to listen Eminence front by the "Who" from these commercials
Would not have guessed that
No O-Line left. Surprised they didn't trade out or go WR. 
I haven't seen this comment 10 fucking times in this thread already 
Sounds like a decent deal for both sides. 
Jags pick is in
*whew*. As much as I wanted him to tear apart Rodgers, glad he didn't go to the Bears.
Williams and Wilkinson? So happy together..
We're everywhere
Not first round talent imo
because commercials... they want as much time taken as possible
Huh... that's a weird pick
Best part of the draft is the fashion so far
RIP OP
Guys, my tv made a loud pop and doesn't work anymore. So if the chargers draft Mariota... I'll fucking throw my tv in the trash. 

^gonna ^do ^it ^regardless ^:(
I'm sorry but drafting a guard at 5 is mind bogglingly stupid. Even if he does pan out.
Gotta work on his "pocket" presence.
Ahh screw it. My phone is too slow to keep up :(
OR you could not improve your defense when we play you this year...
Well the cops won't arrest him for it but the NFL will still suspend him.
or running
Saints are following the Cowboys model, it seems.

Shoring up the OL over anything else.

ANd we picked rather quickly. We must've had a high grade on Peat.

Loomis mentioned that if we have two guys who fit an immediate need, but a lesser need has a higher grade, we'll take that guy over the nead.

BPA is how we roll. OL ain't sexy. But it wins games in the trenches.
>It could easily be Amari Cooper as well

No.
Nissan Murano
Tom Brady, Aaron Rodgers, Peyton Manning in no particular order? Just saying hard to break the top 3 over a QB.
Chip would never draft that asshole
Why couldn't you keep Revis and his retarded contract?
#IM SO FUCKING PUMPED
Fowler struck me as Bryan Thomas 2.0. Not the edge rusher everyone thought him to be. 
Phil I get that you are Catholic and like to fuck your wife we all do but Pope JP 2 said that birth control is ok back in the 60's. You don't need to be knocking her up all the time.
It'd be pretty hard playing in denim overalls and cowboy boots. 
I still take Mariota here even with no trade.
Is Winston more than just a Cam Newton clone?
I think there's definitely an argument that Manning is more cerebral.
Don't think so.. boo
As a Kentucky fan, I'm just happy for Bud.
Would you be upset with Cooper?
This will be deleted for no reason.
ellington!
Lions just got paid!1
If Dez didn't have a single finger out of bounds then the Giants wouldn't have even made the playoffs.
Mayock > 
I feel like I'm the only one remotely excited about this guy. Lets hope it works out
PLS
This was funny 1-198, but from 199-now, it stopped.
I got it now!
where the hell does goodell hang out backstage? takes him like 2 min to the stage
Deion looks like a fucking pimp in that pin stripe suit. That toothy smile.
Fills a need. I'm okay with that
He is. Also explains why he doesn't pull out.
Well now the Jets are gonna have the dirtiest D line ever
He can't play for both teams?
You know guys.... there haven't been a ton of surprises here actually
I hope he crashes and burns, but am concerned that he's going to be great. 
lolbrowns.
[All right all right all right.](http://www.trbimg.com/img-5442e95f/turbine/os-breshad-perriman-talks-about-ucf-game-against-tulane-20141018)
I like it, get some attitude. A lot of our secondary only has 1 or 2 years left on their contracts. 
Swapped first rounders and then gave up a 4th this year and a 5th next year.
Ugh. The bucs. Doesn't that make Warren Sapp the greatest linebacker evaluator ever?
Did anyone else here New York, New York by frank Sinatra in the background? LOL poor Chicago 
Wow that pick was fast
This has to be Malcolm Brown. Would be a great pick. 
Animal semen. 
Oh god DAMN it, not the fucking bandwagon family again
I think its just more that Scherff is the best lineman in the draft and we desperately need O line help, whereas we worked on the D line a lot through F/A.


Also, our GM had Scherff as his #3 behind Fowler and Cooper, so its BPA and it fills our biggest offensive need.
http://i.imgur.com/hX8El.jpg
Please don't! I want Parker 
Hey we moved down 2 spots, we probably didn't want Gordon, and knew we could get someone a tad later. Got a 4th and a 5th out of it that's a good move to move down just 2 spots! 
Time to eat ten minutes of time before hearing Jameis Winston's name!
WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO STOP YOU BUT YOU WONT STOP US EITHER
Ken Whisenhunt and the Titans apparently.
I bet they take Amari Cooper.
Why do 5 teams have 50% of the elite defensive linemen
I don't know how I would have felt about that, but Jesus Christ how do you as a GM not take that fucking deal. 
Goodell pronounced Marioto wrong.
Plus he has an awesome football name
I couldn't be happier about this pick
Everyone is saying "Oh the Browns are doing the safe thing, the good thing, drafting linemen" but the thing is that Browns OL is already easily the strongest unit on the team. Erving is versatile, but only worth a first round grade at center. The Browns already have a top 3 center, possibly the best one. Erving could potentially play guard, but he's not a first round prospect there, and both Browns guards are already in the top 15 at their position by PFF rankings.

As many needs as the Browns have, OL is the least of them. They may have just drafted a center in the top 20 picks to be a backup O-lineman, which is nuts. There are so many other needs to address first.
Rams looking scary next year 
Because pros constantly cite ridiculous stats like 4%bf and people take it as fact? Other people in the thread took the claim pretty seriously.

Btw the cannonball comment isn't too far off. Sergio Oliva had such dense abs that they literally saved his life when his girlfriend shot him multiple times
Oakland, you lucky bastards.
Thatd ruin all the anticipation though!
Can tell it's mostly young kids in here. Moving with a kid under 5 is actually way more preferable than with older children, for obvious reasons.
The night we won the Super Bowl
Because it's the draft
What kind of loser team is #1 in the draft and takes more than 5 seconds to submit their pick?!?

What the hell else have the Bucs been thinking about for the past 4 months?
[MRW](http://cdn.playbuzz.com/cdn/b104f6d3-51d8-4346-9491-d35f5c122b90/a02880e8-a4dc-4eb3-9060-6f63e80b5662.jpg)
...still about 4 commercial breaks away
Me: Don't pick Devante Parker, Don't pick Devante Parker, Don't pick Devante Parker

Goodell: Devante Parker
Falcons taking Gurley would be so dumb. Their defense needs help now.
PAYMAN
Giants straight in with their pick.
He's not dropping to 25
Damn one less rb
WHO GOT THAT GOOD D?!
Apparently the director only agreed to change it if they could say whatever the hell they wanted instead.
He attends college in Connecticut, you can't really expect much else.
[Detroit traded 23 to Denver](http://mashable.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/excited-baby.gif)
If you or Kip think that the Titans only had the allotted 10 minutes to trade Mariota then you've got to be kidding. It's wasn't a shock at all that Tampa was going to take Winston.
Only if he's *Luck*y?
Bears please trade up.
I heard there was a fuck train around here. Anyone know where I can board it?
Whelp, there goes that idea.
Someone trade, dammit!
This is a great pick honestly.
I think they misspelled "Marcus Mariota"
If you guys get Gordon can you trade us back Woodhead?
Damn, was not expecting WR, but let's see how it goes
Gurley scares me. I hope Giants go with something boring like O-line.
DE? Isn't he an OLB?
woooo a pick that makes sense!!!!!
[LMAO](http://i.imgur.com/g6qE5has.jpg)
I think he was referring to his HS GPA
Are you surprised by the team that gave up so much for a busted QB?
I think Cooper is a much better pick honestly. You need your QB to develop, and you need to win now, to keep your coaches and QB in favor with the fans and management. And you have next to no one at wide receiver, Jones is a solid #2, but thats it from what I've seen.
What a fucking surprise.
yea i was excited for this draft, but the titans have to be boring as always.
Just realised this is on FTA in Australia.

Aw yisssss
Yawn... This has been Draft By Numbers. Someone do something crazy.
thanks for posting these, good reads for someone that hasn't super kept up with potential draft picks. 
He's the jewel of the NFC North
Take Williams and trade later, imo. 

White is not worth it.
Roger Goddell out here acting like he never heard Mariota's name before.
And I assumed you guys would take Leonard Williams.
Their fault for giving the broncos more picks
I refuse to believe that.
Fuck another Commercial
and that's how my vikings family fell apart and dad hung himself.
Is he high? Seems mighty giggly.
Eh, Manny Ramirez wasn't really that great honestly. The only reason he started for us was because the first two guys on the depth chart got injured and then he was just good enough to not be worth replacing till now. I like this trade.
Meh, for two spots I don't mind that.
Just like Harbaugh would never leave.
Oh you 49er's fans and your broken team.
Gruden is love.
I think I need a drink. I mean did the Jets D really need to get better... FUCK. 
LOL. 
I'd like one incredible line please :(
Falcons HAVE to take a pass rusher or trade down, right?
Very happy with Cooper. At first I was really mad that we passed on Williams but damn Cooper is still an amazing prospect and he'll help Carr out a lot. 
Waynes Worlds
Gonna go out on a limb and guess Mariota...
I guess Rams wanted another RB so that Foles can feel like he's at home how he was with the Eagles...?
/anticlimactic
If they let carr go then yes 
OH SHIT
Melvin's loving it up there.
Who says there can't be Dalmatians in the dawg pound?
Should have traded back with us, taken white and picked up something extra. 
Was that suppose to be Rob Lowe as a horse?
and they are removed/banned really quickly. Reoprt them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Glfyq8SAInY

I know it's drills but still that route running. 
Have you seen Air Bud: Golden Receiver?
Wow! RB back as a top 10 pick! Did not expect STL to go RB.
If you really want another first round bust to go with Jenkins and Ward you've gotta pounce when you have the chance.
HOLY FUCK GAMECHANGER
HELL
The malaprops make me want to fucking scream. It's literally not that.
Lol Goodell, how the fuck do you pronounce Mariota wrong?
source? I want to be happy
It should have been us. WHY GRIGSON WHY
You think NYG have the balls to go RB?

so many positions that need upgrade
Todd Gurley is a great player, seriously has some talent.
What exactly?
OH GOD THE ASSHOLE FAMILY IS BACK
Jokes on you, what if they ran a 3-4 and the extra chair was too awkward for them and they decided to sack him in their rage?
Yes. I live there and downtown was a fucking mess today. At least there were a shit-ton of cops sitting around doing nothing, though. That seems to have helped.
The fuck!
Rhodes, Smith, and Waynes? Good luck passing on the Vikes.
NO HE WAS OUR SECOND ROUND SALVATION

YOU FUCKS
Mariota Vs. Winston week 1!
Cam erving to the chiefs? Or a trade, cmon lads another mix up 
WERE ABOUT TO SEE WHO'S JJ WATT'S NEXT VICTIM
I feel like that pick was a reach.
Shanewreck
Brandon Scherff at 5. Not my cup of tea.
O-line was our number one problem
Good, very satisfied with our picks c:
And there goes Peters' dream of hitting the pipe.
couldn't the Browns pass on Shelton here and still have a good chance of getting him at 19?
Prioritizing protecting Brees and running the ball is a good strategy
Well who expected Tampa to trade anyway?
Gotta be quirky and random with those names man.
Yes they do.
Where have I seen that haircut? 
Probably not. Who even knows though, still way too early. But a top 10 pick on someone who might take time to develop? Flowers and White are easily the biggest question mark players so far I would say. 
Roger Goodell is now trapped in some sort of isometric cube... this is definitely against tradition.
Holy shit I actually mocked Perriman to the Ravens. 3 right woooooo :(
What kind a people raise someone to be such a self-righteous, indecent donkey? Get over yourself. 
Dang. Good call.
What's the over/under on "OH by the way!"'s tonight?
Look. We aren't going to guarantee you back to back Superbowls again. You have got to actually work for it.
How did Bob McGinn do since he's known as "the best"?
The U! Phillip!
Beats have the best ad team in the world right now, I mean damn. 
FUCK YES!!!!

Thought we were drafting a WR here. I wanted Dorsett but the Colts swiped him so I LOVE this pick here as we can get a decent WR at 44. 
It's a God damn WR/DB arms race in the NFCN.

Our division has Megatron, Mike Wallace, Jordy, Cobb, Jeffrey, Tate...
On the other side Harrison Smith, XRhodes, Waynes, Ha-Ha, Kyle Fuller, and I know I'm forgetting some other quality DBs.

Good lord.
plleeeeassseee
It started a run on CBs.
Thank you!
Trades pls. This has been so uneventful trade wise so far, normally there's at least one, if not two, big trades by now.
Never go full Browns 
The look in at Flowers was hilarious
I know what he can do. I know that he's a good RB. But he's injured, and we don't really offer the best protection right now. I agree with you.
I hope you know what the fuck you're doing Gus. 
State of Florida with 2 of the top 3 picks.
More shocked that we made a pick at all.


Who cares that we we have the worst DT in the league? Fuck pass rush, right????? God dammit
Dorsey is a numbers man and this dude looked best on paper. Our locker room and coaching staff will deal with his off the field attitude, this I bo-lieve.
Williams to the Raidahs? 
Pretty smart move, actually.
Eh, last year the Broncos paid us a 4th to move up two spots in the 2nd round.
lol no

Or yes. wow
Maybe he can take over the role of Pass Interference specialist. 
Only with semen.
The Goodell Bot needs work

Who the fuck drinks Snapple? I think I've had a total of 2 Snapples my whole life.
The only difference is this booing isn't annoying.
Saints building a wall
Can you not? We're not even good yet, please don't pre-jinx us.
Redskins phone is ringing off the hook right now
DOES THIS MAKE SENSE FOR THE RAMS I DONT KNOW
Yeah it seems like even when the pick is in after 2 minutes, they're still happy to let it drag out 10 mins.
https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate
Bust in 3...2...1...
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
TEXANS PICK IS IN. TIME FOR COMMERCIAL BREAK AGAIN.
Seriously WTF why can't they announce pick in a reasonable amount of time?
When the expected becomes the unexpected.
Watch out to see if we grab Xavier Cooper tomorrow.
Aren't they doing that for round two? I know Jim Kelly is announcing our pick.
Just like Bortles. I like it
There would have been a staggering number of Lions fans in Athens, GA if you guys got Gurley. Hell the combination of Stafford, Megatron, and Gurley may have turned most of the state into Lions fans. 
Marcus Marioto, good work Goodell
Board games are fun,

This is like saying angel dust is fun
He looks pretty lean for a tackle
The value wasn't there for anybody else, and we had Gurley as the #2 player in the entire class. Snead is a BPA type GM. It makes sense. 
Because it was speculation and then it got RT'd often.
started late
I really wish i had NFLN
GOOD LAWD. IN OZ I TRUST!
Is he high?
Much needed.
Terribly 
And this is your reminder that the Colts traded a first round pick for Trent Richardson.

LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
If he wears the right number maybe thousands of jerseys are still relevant in Houston. But he'd have to be a badass. 
Dawgs with some beef. Smart drafting 
In the first round... Not really. Sammy Watkins was clearly a good one, but it wasn't anything that made me worry since they still don't have a QB. 
Looks dumb with a gold helmet. I know they can't have more than one but does not go well 
i fucking hope not. i want all the picks.
Because the Jets needed more DL help.
Alright so that is a surprise 
Ehh....
Rooting for Fowler JR. He's a bro
one of my best friends became a Texans fan back in 2002 and I've really grown to like the team. Doesnt hurt that Bill O'Brian runs things as HC now, or that Mallet is under center. 
Chip Kelly's not so wild draft ride
I don't really follow CFB. Can some of you please school me on Brown? I hear good things so far. 

Thanks! 
Thhhhhherrrreeeeeee it issss
He wasn't good at drafting qbs either. The majority of that list is late round guys. If he used as many high round draft picks on wrs as he's used on lbs and dlineman, this narrative wouldn't exist. Ozzie missed plenty on those positions too, but he's gone back to it year after year instead of taking 5 year breaks before even attempting it again like wr. 
Who needs a defense - Chip
I'm thinking Dupree. But I dunno...
Personally I think winning a playoff game is a better achievement, but was slightly happy that we didn't have to play the Seahawks with half a team. In the end I think everything will work out because you guys have a solid team and this seems like a good pick for you guys.
Carr and Cooper or Mack and Williams. I don't know which I like better.
annnnnnnnnnnnnnd Cutler still throws a pick
Shit haircut anyways
Just in, Washington D.C. joins the riots in Baltimore due to that pick. 
Sucks. Would have been a great pick and awesome storyline. 
I avoid First Fridays like the plague, too many people for my anxiety haha. But last time I bar hopped in St Pete I had a great time, my friend knew a bunch of the good beer bars and I was definitely surprised compared to what downtown St. Pete was like before.
What did they get?
Why? He wouldn't be available late second round so may as well grab him now. 


He's considered a top Guard and is incredibly smart and talented. 
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. I'll take the duck-throwing HOF QB, a younger Megatron and a warm body in the backfield for Stat Paddford and the aging decepticon. Draft the QB replacement with one of the 1st rounders, win 6 consecutive super bowls.
Yeah that's massive. Essentially two free players
Mariato? **Goodell, you had one job**
Why even try?
*Balding
That info hasn't been released yet.
suprise suprise
The evil empire sleeps?
What's boring is watching Eli get sacked.
or the 2014 colts
NO SPOILERS
Fuck off
And with the third pick the Jacksonville Jaguars select an actual Jaguar to hang out in their stadium pool.
Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. Bud Dupree. 
Oh my fuck...
Anyone got a screencap? I missed it.
Man Jerry Jones has become a solid GM. Never thought I would see the day
CLOVERFIELD CAM
Oregon 
I could actually see that happening, so long as y'all take care of the NFCW team for us :) We'll take care of the Falcons for y'all if it comes down to it. The NFCN is going to be incredible in the years coming, all of us have young teams that will only improve over the years.
Or we're going to be mad Barrington wasn't playing more last year when he turns out to be a stud.
Jets D getting scary next year.
Wow....STL sports radio should be REALLY interesting tomorrow
OMG 420 UPVOTES SO RIGHT NOW LOL
Actually Goddell said "guard" when he announced his name, but it did say "C" on the screen.
Well that was unexpected
Just wait for his reaction when Kiper starts talking. You'll see it again. 
> Zac 

Yep he's gone
NOOOO I wanted a MELTDOWN!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!

FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK.
Wow, this is boring guys. ;/
wha?
Chip decided to be rational, and the level headed part of our fanbase rejoiced
He wanted to go to philly. duh...
and then synergy... *gag*
Seriously, what the hell is in the water in Samoa. Land of fucking giants. 
idk who the Jags will take but whoever it is won't be in the NFL in 4 years 
Well no big QB trades. No more wild rides =(.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE I'VE BEEN, LOU
meant to say "wouldn't it be sweet" but i agree i want drama as well. just would have been weird, like yin yang.
How did Goodell fuck up his name *that* badly?
Shelton looks like a straight up boss.
One pick he's gonna be right and nobody will believe him because of those threads...The Boy Who Cried DGB
..but it's usually necessary because he never throws it in the pocket..
We play the Jets this season, R.I.P RGThreesus
Comeon raiders do the right thing, take Leonard Williams
I don't think so. I think the passes were more position based than anything. Jags wanted a passrusher more than anything, Raiders wanted to help their young QB, Washington spent tons of money on DL in free agency (obviously not thinking that Williams would fall to them) and so Williams fell to 6. 
Yes! I can safely root for Gurley!!
The legacy of Rex lives on with this lineman pick
TBH, I think this is an awful trade by the chargers
49ers traded down? NO FREAKING WAY.
Domo Marioto, Mr. Throwboto
We are progressive. 
Needs more Tebow.
But we had one of the worst defenses in the history of the nfl last season. We really needed a great pass rusher 
Damn, Dupree is a good player and now I have to root against him.
Certainly possible! Hopefully it works out for them.

Edit: I just noticed Marioto, smooth!
Hat looks good Mel!
Better than Oher
It's not like the kid's name has been said 1000 times on his own network this week...
I'd say so, with Hardy coming back this season and our secondary being very mediocre I'm happy to see a CB. Now it's time to research him.
Danny Shelton, calling it.
Hopefully this will be the first corner in a while that we drafted that will actually be *decent*.
I love how all the armchair experts that took a couple glances at a mock draft are saying all of these teams that spend months and years watching players are wrong
Not a chance, HaHa played awesome last year. We'll find some way to use this guy, probably in Nickel packages. We play a lot of Nickel.
Well he kinda looks like Torrey Smith on tape and I mean he literally looks like him 
go big or go home HTTR!
They both actually had good rookie years. Downhill from there.
True - I was about to defend ESPN by saying that they showed the game tape for each prospect after the pick, but I just realized that NFL network are doing the same. Goodbye, Kiper!
Bout that...
He'll probably be converted to CB or there will be some 3 safety sets. This is just odd.
Great trade for you guys, prob still get the guy you wanted anyway. 
At that point I would say no just because it's funnier after they offer you all that shit.
???

why not just trade down a few picks?
Chip Kelly smashed his phone 
Jacksonville the only team they go to commercial..of course.
Black and yellow dawg. Although I agree black and gold would have made sense too :/
Go friars
Randall will probably not play Safety; most likely Nickel Corner. 
I WANTED THAT GUY!
FUCK YEAH WILLIAMS COME TO US!!!!!!!!
Wait... Houston... Who? 
You know, they can say "white". They don't have to say "Iowa lineman". 
Jerry Jones drafting his own son 
From Capt. Keith Colburn of the Wizard (Deadliest Catch)
huh did not really expect that
South Howard, man.

Althought, to be fair, I used to go to The Lodge and see Josh Freeman there all the time. So maybe it's not a good idea for Jameis.
He kind of looks like senator palpatine with more hair.
COLLECTIVE SIGH OF RELIEF FROM THE NFC EAST
Malcom Brown must be coming for Denver.
It's a weak LB class, but Shaq was among the best ones. It's not a bad reach.
No but Brown or Kendricks would have been a better pick, even if Kendricks would have been considered reaching a bit
Huh Dude Perfect. 
I think you guys will help his tackling too. That's his one weak point but his Coverage skills are really Good. I think that's why he went over Collins 
WHERE ARE THE BOOS?!
I know one Alvin, and he's white.
He's gonna go stab Whisenhunt
Marcus Mariotto

Greatest Titan to never live
I just remembered all these guys are younger than me
They don't need a RB
Good god
I so hate ESPN but I so love her for doing that. What a champ.
Not cut. Rip.
LOL. NOTHING CAN STOP THIS KID ^^^other ^^^than ^^^his ^^^acl ^^^injury...
They only have 32 picks to get through. Gotta milk every second.
He looks like a black Rob Schneider
Why don't they have cameras in Jameis' home?
God dammit!!!!
Jesus what the hell browns 
Gotcha. I also hope that your defensive 1st round pick with issues busts.
OROY: Whichever RB the Cowboys draft
Assuming infinite universes there's a universe out there where the Pats' QBs since 2000 have been Losman, Trent Edwards, Fitzmagic, Kyle Orton and EJ Manuel and Brady was a Giant.
You monster...
No flair so don't you dare take take him serious.
haha

We had the worst possible luck last year and finished 11-5. Assuming that is a likelihood is more typical panning of the Cardinals. It's tiring.
Raiders will always Raider. 
As a Florida fan, I know how you feel man!
Because he played DE at Clemson?
I love BJs
You som' bitch
He's also gonna be warming that bench for a few years while witworth continues to kick ass.
Guy needs to get lei'd.
Flash ahaaaaaaaaaaa!
Oh my god. I don't think I've ever been more annoyed by draft coverage. If there's a backup in picks just announce them consecutively dammit.
Just remember, Mr.Dalton has to some how out score the Killah Bs on offense ;)
We don't have the personnel
First time University of Washington has 3 selections in 1st round in Draft History
You git Tebow Jesus!
Chip's newest offer to the Titans.
http://youtu.be/O2JEvQUQIU0
No it doesn't mhmm Rivers/Manning 2004

Ah ok then we are good to go
[Pats are taking Malcom Brown](https://twitter.com/jeffphowe/status/593976927779688448)
DAE hate rich white people! Nice campaign sprint. Way to capitalize on current events haha
It's Chicago, they're not really sure where Dallas is. Source: I lived in Chicago.
stole him?
Lying during a job interview? Unheard of.
May Cam get his knee destroyed by Gerald McCoy
Me either. Personally, I think both the Bears and the Vikings made questionable picks today, though for different reasons.
oh wow, they went all black. eh, it's not great, but at least it's just an alt. i think it would've looked a lot stronger if they used white (like on the bears jersey).
Whoa, Brown would have been there too... In Belly We Trust
Or on fire. 
Did Goodell just say 2014 NFL Draft?
Ugh the original video was so much better. It was on the sideline and the camera shook. What happened to it :(
SHOVE A SCREWDRIVER UP MY ASS AND BECAUSE WE'RE SCREWED

^^not ^^really ^^but ^FUCK ^^shittsburgh
Fake hopefully
Twitter, usually it's out many minuted before the announcement.

@RapSheet: The #Falcons pick pass-rusher Vic Beasley from #Clemson at No. 8. Unclear how Dan Quinn feels about this elite defender #notreally
"dogs in a bathtub" 
"IM SHOCKED!!!!" said nobody ever
When they spend this much time talking about one guy it usually means they know he's been picked
please no
"That's a very weird suit" - Dante Fowler
Terrible draft for OL. Rams took the best athlete available. I could see them trading Stacy.
I knew I recognized Dupree's haircut. It Gary Oldman's Dracula doo!
No brainer. Hell I heard someone on the radio arguing as to why he was a potential Wilfork...ok. But you can't let him get past you. Might be a bigger steal than our pick.
Jets take Leonard Williams. :(
Fuck anyway surely Arik Armstead, can't get this one wrong 
**BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
Kiper had to be pulling his toupee out over how he had not been taken yet.
Browns disappointed with a great pick first time around, let's see if they can provide us for joke fodder this time boys.
Hey, we did what we could to fuck shit up...
Everyone thinks our pick was bad.

IN TED I TRUST
Just maybe. 
I pronounce it like Nevahduh.

Instead of -awn, I say Oreg-on as in "I'm on the computer."
Colts WR stacked, league fucked???
Would the 49ers take Dupree if still on the board?
Fuck yeah it does.
Was there any chance you guys were going to take Melvin Gordon?
YAAAAAAAAAY!!!!!!! ROGER GOODDELL IS MY HERO HE DOES A GREAT JOB AS COMMISH YAAAAAAYYYYYY CLAPCLAPCLAPCLAPCLAPCLAPCLAPCLAPCLAPCLAP
Thing is, Gordon has been recorded to have heavy interest in playing for SD. I haven't heard his interview, but people who have seen it have told me that he's nothing but beyond excited to play in SD. Hard to not root for a talented guy that clearly wants to be here.
His voice is quite...soft.
Green Bay trading Rodgers confirmed
DAS BOOT DAS BOOT
Can't believe it's been that long since Jesus was selected first overall
6'2 5/8"

How accurate lol
Just me or could you not hear shit?
FUCK YOUR TALKING HORSE.
Here's hoping, tumorman.
Wow that's super surprising to me. Not that I'm really complaining, I didn't want to draft Gurley in the 1st. 
I've got a tablet on the watch Espn app and tv on NFL Network 
Probably high as fuck too
Vince Wilfork adjace?
"Get this man on suicide watch, I ain't cleaning up another Raiders fan's blood off the walls."

-Janitor at San Quentin
He's fast as hell. He can run down a running back as well as any other linebacker in this draft. With Galette, ~~Lofton~~, Ellerbe, and now Spencer rumbling around at the back of our front 7, I like both the opportunities for the pass rush and shutting down screens, slants, and, most importantly, stopping the run. 

Edit: Thanks to /u/AGQ- for the correction.
Sadly, no fatality
All I know about Johnson is that he was great for the Phoenix Suns
Twitter's saying Kevin Johnson
why the fuck is cleveland taking all the players i wanted 
Can you link to what was supposedly offered?
He's losin it.
It does look awful haha the beautiful post that don't need no defense is great
Easier to sell. Smiles and appears humble, doesn't yell "fuck her right in the pussy"

NFL is all about branding. Mariota comes from Oregon so he's already been plastered over ESPN, plus he's mobile and that's exciting. And he's Hawaiian, which people think is cool.

He's just way more likeable.
That dude looks creepy 
winston went 1st, so okay for him i guess.
You mean AWOL, but yeah, I've never seen a show with him where he talks so little.
Welcome to NBA Draft presented by Sprite
Why even try? You know it's getting removed.
Went out the door when they traded for Mike Wallace.
OH MY GOD NOOOOO
Nooo... i don't wanna hate him 
She just asked Danny Shelton about his dead brother. Dick move on her part IMO.
http://imgur.com/vY3AZox.jpg
[We've just been spoiled recently with action](https://twitter.com/si_peterking/status/593981518755696640)


What are you talking about? Its only 4:18pm for me. Just finished work a bit ago.
We should keep trading down until like 23 and pick strong or DBG.
Really for the plan to work I think we'd need Belichick at QB.
NFL Network until the end of July I think. (I live in Europe)
A warm reception for the beloved Commissioner as always.
NO CB FOR US HAHA
Because they're drunk and stupid.
You should throw batteries at him
See ya
Hmmm Didn't see that one.. But getting some O-line for what ever QB they have is good
Belichick as Hal
The fact that the FAR and away best player in this draft hasn't gone in the top 5 is ludicrous. I see why you pass on him in the 1 and 2 spots, but for fucks sake 4 and 5 needed him so damn bad. 
booo
Yes but whatever team drafts him has his rights 
2015 4th, 2016 5th
Week 1? Here's how I see the situation panning out: Mariota starts week 1; Titans go 8-8 or something very middle of the road. Good but not great, and people will question if it was really Mariota that led the improvement. Then the trade rumors start; will Chip try to sell the farm again for this QB who doesn't seem like he'll work in the pros?

And the cycle repeats. I honestly don't see it ending until one of the two is out of the league for good.
Why don't raider fans like this pick?
Every time I see Mariota I think he looks like a Mii.
And the Jameis inserts a crab leg up Chris Berman's ass, as is tradition 
Announcers are being pretty vague and keep saying "What happened earlier this week." Is ESPN frowning on saying 'marijuana' live?
Are they contractually obligated to say Chi town instead of chicago? Haven't heard em say it once
Technically yes he is.
Alright Browns. Make shit interesting 
Two guys on ESPN said they didn't think that most of the trade rumors were legit and were just the Titans trying to stir up interest, granted one was Lebetard so take that for what it's worth
>Man ~~Jerry~~ Stephen Jones has become a solid GM.

FIFY. Things are not always what they seem in front of the camera.
it happened, lol
He makes it look too easy 
Yeah I always felt like Maclin was bigger than 6'1 lol you're absolutely right.

He's got DJax return skills though 
You gotta get pressure on Brady if you wanna get past the Pats.
I guess the analysts were right.
http://3sigmaathlete.com/2015/04/02/inducting-a-new-3-sigma-athlete/

and also read the FAQ probably too
oh god watch kolber ask about shane rays decapitated dog at the end of the interview 
I honestly think they need to have a former great for each team present the cup. Like if the Burins win it, Bobby Orr presents the cup. Get Bettman the fuck off the ice. 
We have an excellent locker room
She's taking notes after that Robert Downey Jr. interview.
"I eat high octane crap.."
Those are not spoilers, the official announcement is the official announcement.
Which would disappoint me, but it allows us to go in a different direction, then target either Max Garcia or Shaq Mason in a later round. Maybe grab a WR? At that point, DGB could be BPA
Must've been rattled by all the booing 
Lololololololol. I guess i don't have to worry about us picking Sheriff now
Chances the Titans keep Mariota?
Dish it out, yet you can't take it back? 0/10, would not draft.
Kelly is salivating more now. He'll just do the trade after the pick. & trade even more.
We've sacrificed for too long man. 
But somehow Mel kiper's is soo much worse
and Mark Sanchez tattoos
If we take Eddie Goldman I'm gonna barf.
They look good, just not for the respective teams. Their color schemes are iconic, and they pretty much tossed them out the window. 
http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34gjfz/2015_nfl_draft_espn_thread_no_spoilers/cqufvdl

We got him now boys!
Miami please take Marcus Peters.
Reminds me a lot of Yanda
Pls no
He best fits a 4-3 DT.
Dropped him out of the top 10.. If he gets his shit together he's a steal in the 20s
He's not getting past us 
He's been trashing nearly every draft pick today
How old do you think Iupati is exactly?
Or insurance. Or condoms.
Time for Ozzie to retire.
So far this draft has been pretty anti-climatic.. 
Okay the amount of spoilers followed by innocent question marks is in this thread is ridiculous. stoooooooooplease
I have never seen these words written on this sub from a Browns fan before. 
I'm not sure ESPN shit on the Browns enough 
Good Lord almighty. 
Pigs fly, hell freezes over, and George Dubya wins a nobel peace prize
Todd Gurley said he's a Ravens fan.
Okay now the intrigue begins
No, you shouldn't be worried. He really shouldn't have been on the board at #32. But hey, that's what happens when idiot GMs reach for guys like Armstead.
He's got a dildo on his head?
Does showing highlights verse Tennessee really count?
I'm not a huge fan of the pick, but I am often wrong. 
Goodbye Marcus Mariota's career
Yeah, I'm way behind.
He retired...
Nope, going to Detroit
Shhhhh...shh.....don't jinx it
but not Mack?
No Parker for you Texans.
I love Flowers just wish we were able to trade back for him.
Like Jarvis Jones a few years ago.
Bold statement right here. Real bold 
No he is kinda in Alabama so....
"marcus mario-toe"
LT 2.0
:( 

please no. 
Packer fans are on suicide watch watching these highlights.
Lol, why is everyone passing on the dude that is supposed to be so good? Aaron Curry got people scared of that "safe pick"?
So much for new Tom Brady Mettenburger lol
We're gonna train one to throw the ball
Yeah, nah
kiper just called him Jerry Rice
Get rekt, Jerry Jones. 
and. here. we. go.
Leonard Williams to the Jets?????
You're a reach.
lmfao
it's gonna be tough for Ray to play in the NFL after he dies from pot overdose
Your GM must hate Andrew Luck. No other rationale for their refusal to acquire blockers for him.
GG QBs of the AFCE
Maybe we'll see him all sweaty in a few picks. 
TRADE BACK CALLED IT! 
Uh it's quattrobeck, please get that right
Brace for impact
"I already spent my guaranteed money on this suit" - Dante Fowler
It is known.
Do people serious call that white ass lawyer looking motherfucker 'Money'? 
Poor Leonard :(
YESS
WANT WANT WANT PLEASE RESPOND 
But they'll be a fun team to use in madden
Thats only something that the Jags could pull off.
He is straight shittin on dudes. haha
Man the cardinals got cockblocked.
None of the players went to Radio City this year.
He is smiling because he can get better weed now
Kiper got something right?
Well then my bad, B.
I hope in the next round they hiss Goodell Khalisi style. 
Like Richardson and MoWilk?
Thank God he didn't get to the Bears!
I'm hoping Maxx Williams gets drafted tonight - by anyone but the Packers.
good pick browns 
Dear Jets, 

Thank you for cockblocking the Bears from top DTs two years in a row. Like the Rams you're on the good side of the rest of the NFCN now.

Thanks,

NFCN fans
Lol thanks san diego
trade 
Copying Dallas
He looks like a nice person.
The Titans are just plain stupid to not take that. Especially when they already had Mett and getting Bradford from that deal.

No big drama so far
FUCKKKKK YESSSSSS
Williams, Clowney, and Watt on the same team?

That would be just plain unfair.
How did he mess up Marcus last name??
Damn shame. At least Jones looks like a future stud.
Aww man, I was really expecting/wanting a heavy Jamaican accent from Tomlinson. 
I wish he fell two more!! 
We've been putting one at linebacker. The question is how we use 4.
RB isn't nearly as needy a pick as other positions and it isn't like the Chargers have tons of cap space. Dumb move.
It's Dupree
eww.
I don't think he'll be a bust because he's bad but because the Titans are the Titans
Can find any but I hope [this](https://instagram.com/p/2Hjrc0q8zL/) makes up for it.
He needs a better fade
Den needs OL
Need some big guys on the bottom to make human pyramid big enough to raise the Dalton line.
I'll gild you by the end of the weekend, but I'm not home right now.
DAE TRADE YET
We have to be going after OL, right?
PICK IS IN FOR THE RAIDERS FOR LIKE 10 MINUTES WHILE GOODELL FUCKS ALL IN THE BACKROOM
Great job Goodell. His name has been said non stop for a year straight, still say it wrong
Sounds like an adult dating site
Thanks for that, btw.
You were bravish and wrong...ish?
Ok, no, you're not getting this. Let me try to spell this out for you

Here's what you said:

>i realize this is the Bears pick thread, so I'm going to run into massive downvotes and hostility just for speaking up around all these Bears fans, but there's no way that the 2nd best receiver that put up a surprisingly fluky 40 time at the combine is the best solution for a team that has massive needs on defense.

You can't cry about how you're going to get hit with downvotes and act it's just for disagreeing with Bears fans over the pick. When you start your posts acting like a petty asshat, *of course* you're going to get downvoted.

I mean seriously, *what in the hell were you expecting*? Do you seriously think Bears fans are just downvoting you because you're trying to disagree with them that picking a WR over a defensive player was a bad idea?
Danny Shelton getting picked! 
As he should. 

Don't listen to all of these other butthurt Eagles fans. This was the best possible outcome for our franchise right now. Too much for a single guy.
And the Jets already broke their heart this offseason by stealing their franchise leading receiver for turning a 7th into a 5th, then when they finally started getting over that heart break, the Jets swept Williams up when they didn't even need him, and the Bears took the consolation prize of wasting a 7th overall pick on trying to replace that franchise leading receiver that they just gave away for free.

It's beautiful.
KEVIN WHITE!! CMON!
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN!?
They'll probably go full retard and take Cooper or something. 
I wanted him idk of idle giving up 2 picks but we got the guy I wanted. 
I know, but the depth at WR isn't exactly making me feel so great about it. I would much rather have gotten Collins/Brown and took a reciever later, but hey, who am I to question the guys getting paid for this stuff.
Williams undrafted FA confirmed
Texans @16 maybe? Foster is getting creaky.
im confused, would rather a CB or S. not against agholor just... imo an unnecessary position to be picking in first round.
This was universally a shit safety class. I'm ok with GB using their 1st rounder on one.
That footage of Kansas City fans cheering in broad daylight has to be from hours ago
Cmon get Williams. 
Miami fan here. Giants got a good one.
Gurley will block for himself. 
It could be that epic pick and trade!

Hey, you broke the rules:(
Thank you
Holy shit he was eating people alive in those highlights 
how long until the draft is a fucking 60 dollar ppv event?
He is not a happy camper

Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck. Bryon Jones to Cowboys. NFL draft is officially ruined, -100/10.
People love parroting the announcers - in this case jon gruden.
What do you expect him to do? Start flipping people off on stage?
The fact that they decided to skip rounds 2-7.
Uh because every mock thread a 49ers fan would say "OMG HOW LAZY. LIKE HOW DO THESE PEOPLE EVEN HAVE JOBS.I PROMISE WE NEVER MAKE THIS PICK UGHHHHHHH" like god damn
What? You actually wanted him? 
Goodell bot has a very short battery life, they have to make sure he's fully charged.
This is the kind of player the Browns usually nail. I'm very excited.
What suspense? That was one of the most boring 1st rounds in a while.

Maybe all the early FA moves spoiled me.
ESPN video guys probably panicked for a second, "MARIOTO?! DO WE HAVE A REEL FOR MARIOTO?!"... "no sir, only this other guy, Mariota". "FUCK!"
SUSPENCE. 
I love how they try to make a story about this. They are not taking Mariota at 1.
I do not think that is a good pick.
Remember Montee Ball?
I've been thinking about it and I have no idea. Truly a pickle 
We are. 
WR1 - Hilton
WR2 - Andre Johnson
WR3 - Moncreif

...we got 2 receiving TEs...
...we got Boom Herron who's gonna play as a receiver out of the backfield...

*sobs*
http://oi60.tinypic.com/28cdqhi.jpg
Between your offense stomping on them, and us the the Jags defense trying to kill him, he's gonna have a LONG first season.
I don't know... he looked like he could barely stay awake despite his parents rocking him up and down.
Why do people always say this? You can definitely describe yourself as humble. It's not like you need to be oblivious to not be aware if you're a generally humble person or not, and saying it doesn't make you not humble/cocky.
Doesn't seem to be very hard to break Reddit. 
Marioto quarterback Or a gon 
Yeah, I'm surprised they didn't trade down so they could draft him at his actual value
Bruh...
Love that pick for Falcons
He's the best looking LEO in this class. Congrats.
Every time. ;)

I may have missed every question though.
Snip game weak
But.... We don't need a safety... We need inside linebacker....
Yea exactly. Even if he isn't "hard working" doesn't mean he killed someone.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO COMMISSIONER! 
Dope
It's pretty simple really. If you're talking about what I think you're talking about, then you're retarded, but if you aren't talking about what I think you're talking about, then you aren't retarded. 
My feelings, they, they hurt.
I think so. I know we wanted him but there was no way we'd trade up for it. 
UDFA
FUCK!!!!

Why on earth did we trade up here. Just don't be for melvin
broncos taking shane ray
Cant get cited for pot in denver
Unless more than one team was attempting to trade up with SF
Uhhhhh..
I CAME HERE FOR TRADES DAMMIT!
Well for starters, you guys are picking first from that Division.
Maybe he can hook Kevin White up
WHAT THE FUCK CHIP
Yeah, it's awesome to have that caliber in 3 different players, but not amazing to still not be successful as a team.
Mike Mayock. Dreamy for sure.
Think of the karma!
Reminiscent of the Reggie Wayne pick. Let's hope he turns out similarly.
petty to the browns please with either pickk
BOO THIS MAN
YOU WERE HANDED LEONARD WILLIAMS. WHAT ARE YOU DOING REDSKINS?
Expecting some shitting the bed from the Vikings.
They will get lots of practice this year
Blah, I forgot we signed him.
St. Louis to LA confirmed. 
Colts took Dorsett?
I had higher hopes for Ball than Gordon he looked fantastic. I think Gordon will be another bust. 
They could, i think wilkerson is on the block though
So you're saying its not worth me re-morgaging the house to get the PPV. 
Noooooooooooo
I did. 
thanks
Bo Jackson
White?
His team lost to one of the best defensive teams in the entire nation? How could he?!
seems like they're scared
"I'm a great guy, I'm humble"

Don't be so modest...
Probably the most surprising pick of the night so far.
Is Jerry Rice available? Miami has called him just in case
Mariodo: 0-0

But I get that you already projected him 3-13 this season
Go Williams. You can still get a good receiver at the top of the second. There won't be a Williams. 
I kid you not, a cop was doing rounds on my dorm floor and stayed in my doorway just to watch the Chargers pick Gordon.
I really wonder what your front office and the Titans front office are smoking right now.
Beasley might not work as a DE. Might be better as a OLB. 
You say that but I'm pretty sure last year all they talked about even after he was picked up was Johnny Manziel
I hope the skins don't take williams
Pizza.
If the Bennett trade rumors are true. Bears protect themselves with a speedy pass catcher.
Great pick Chargers. Best of luck to you. 
Yes I'm sorry
dat
Yeah, he is just looking for his best chance to succeed. He is probably going to get cut anyways, so he might as well ask to get cut now so that he has time to sign with a team whose roster he actually has a chance of making. He maximizes his chances at making said roster if he gets an early start on learning the playbook, etc.
LEGOOO
If Rivers had that defense lol. 
BB did it first so it's OK
Gif request: that Buccaneers fan roaring at the Jameis Winston selection.
But we also have Allen and Fleener who are big parts of our passing game. So we have 4 legit targets with possibly a 5th in Moncrief. Another WR is a luxury at this point, not a necessity. 
Obvious pick is obvious. Now for the real fun.
I hit six for my first mock so Im pretty happy.
Well, that's a bit of an overstatement. 
If the Jets don't take Williams, I'll start to genuinely wonder what's wrong with him.
I've got goosebumps
Don't forget they got BMarsh's contract and his Showtime TV show too. 
I would rather be burned alive by ISIS than watch another minute of these autistic NFL Network anchors drool on their Microsoft Surface Pros
You mean backup OG/C/OT/LT/RT? He was rated this high for his guard skills not center.

Edit: Seriously, look this guy up, he can play every Oline position very well. Plug and play starter if something bad happens, immediate upgrade at RG
Oh, I agree. I was just expecting something crazy with all the trade rumors and having two first rounders
Went full Connor McDavid
We are not getting Randy Gregory or Shane Ray, so rejoice.
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT SOUNDS GOOD? LET'S TALK ABOUT HIS SHOES FOR THE 5TH TIME INSTEAD OF ANNOUNCING THE BACKLOG OF PICKS.
I agree with all of that except for the mediocre offensive coaching part. Brian Billick was the offensive coordinator of the greatest offense of all time (at that point) and that's what got him hired. Other than that, spot on.
Its a 2 RB league so I can see why he would want Gordon
Did the Colts think their issue was an inadequate passing offense?
Ya because throwing 3 TD's in the entire postseason he won the superbowl is soooo many and throwing 5 picks last year just in the playoffs was so clutch last year.
We already made it to the moon on that one. 
Would Damarious Randall have been a better pick? 
Our secondary actually improved a whole lot the last 4-5 games of the season. Granted 3 of those 5 games where against the Jags twice and Titans, but they held their own against the Colts and Ravens. Hopefully this pick improves this secondary from what it was last the final 5 games 
I'm pretty sure we were gonna do that anyway.
This is Slippin Jimmy's greatest con. Commisioner of the NFL.
Im a huge fan of stacking the offense as much as possible. Play to your strengths.
I've mainly heard/seen mid second - early third :/
Idk much about college ball. What position does Williams play?
GO DUKE GO!
I think it comes down to the slightly-past trendy-yet-modern color scheme mixed with the use of traditional striping. The only thing that look is lacking is a blue helmet with silver and black striping.
Is that because we are going to help you guys get a higher first rounder the next couple years?
Lol damn starting early with that beats endorsement.
Fowler looks like he was just drafted by Parliament Funkadelic 
I saw someone in this thread call Thompson. Props to him!
No. GREAT.
Holy fuck 
Exactly. Williams was too hyped and people bought in. We needed a receiver. No brainer. Etc. Etc. 
Literally all the first round worthy Lineman were gone by then.
It's a Marvel movie, of course it did.
Idk I like Gregory more tbh, still available 
I guess this means Peterson is going nowhere. Was that pick or nothing.
Agree 100%
Exciting stuff.
Maybe they just wanted to get their offensive line to be better. That line wasn't impressive last year 
RB in top 10. Fuck you Mel!
We're the Great Laken state now.
Do you think Jeffrey can step up to be that blue chip?
Whaaa
Are you kidding me? This needed to be defense. 
Gurley and Foles gunna fuck shit up. 
Lol next year's class is nuts dude. 
HE MADE IT

YOU CHANGE DAT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM ;_;
Was expecting Leonard Williams. Not sure how to feel about this. 
Dat Maginot line though.
Andy'll give him a Uncrustable.
dammit.... I liked Shane Ray.
Williams has injury concerns?
Lol look at the browns trying to draft
That's because we have a lot of 18 yo fans who can't grasp the concept that controlling the line of scrimmage = controlling the game. Cowboy is leaving whether it's this year or next and this kid is a day 1 starter at 21 yo. With him and Tank Carradine, as well as the rest of the young guys for depth. This is a really solid pick. He's a perfect fit and at 292 lbs, he moves great. Our fan base can be really idiotic sometimes.

Also, I have a feeling we might be moving up at some point for DGB.

And don't gloat... It's unbecoming of a poster of your quality.
I'm ded. kil me pls
He's suspended for 4 games for texting during games last season. Yes, really.
Is their d-line already pretty damn good?
All the starting QBs are going to be injured by the end of the year. Whoever has the best backup is going to do some damage... :)
It's gotta be White. GOTTA BE, RIGHT?!
Hey man, that's exactly how I felt about Williams. I think we both made out like bandits for our picks versus projections.
Are they "free"?
I hear that this is all part of Chip's smokescreen.

Quite.
Yeah fuck the nfl network for trying to make money 
Can you please keep this title for a bit, will give every titians fan a heart attack.
Did they hire the same social media director as the Cowboys?
Flowers is a reach. Two NFC East teams reach for tackles. This is going perfectly according to plan.
"Shit."
 - Dante Fowler Jr.

This changes everything for the Browns.
Oh Lions...
We got a 4th and a 5th for swapping picks. 
So conflicted. Don't want the Titans to get a ransom but I want the trade for chaos
It's simple. To kill the Brady. 
I've been on the Kamar hype train since the preseason, I really hope he has a big role this year!
[Ski-ba-bop-ba-dop-bop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6oXW_YiV6g)
Can we get some trades in this bitch? 
Saying he can't cover is weird. QBs in the FBS had the lowest passer rating vs. him out of any other CB. He is pretty raw, but big physical corners are a must in the game today. Absolute worst case scenario he doesn't work at CB and has to be moved to FS. CB is a more premium position so we want him to do well there, but he could be a very good safety. 
Ask Josh Freeman.
I love Kurt Warner so much
Please announce our pick. Thank you.
Yeah, you don't draft a qb number 2 to have him sit behind someone who has only started 6 career games 
I know this is an unpopular opinion, but I actually love Chris Berman. 
if we go CB, Peters or Waynes. If neither are available, Gregory. Kevin Johnson is gonna suck.
I mean its still bad
**The Colts needed a WR like we needed an RB......**
Nothing really earth shaking yet.
We better start talking to the Jaguars.
Browns select Vontae Mack.
Chargers and 49ers, not Dolphins.
He's from Alabama, right?
I know I'm not supposed to do this but I just need to let you know this was a good comment. Keep up the good work.
Leonard is out for the year with hurt feelings. Good job.
I just did a double-take.
no. everybody saying that.
Why Jets? Why?
aniem
Redskins fans cumming
Fuck, great pick there
"Chicago! How ya doin?!" 
 
"BOOOO!!!!" 
hahaha
DOLPHINS ARE TAKING DeVante Parker!!!!!!!!!
One of Dupree or Parker will on the board for us...
Because you're a Packer fan.
you expected something different?
He would have gotten away with it too if it wasn't for that pesky Tre Mason and that meddling Gurley
Im gonna have a heart attack i camt believe how nervous i am
I hate to be pessimistic, but Waddle is coming off a serious injury and may not be ready to go until midway through the season. 
because he's so close to getting boo'd off stage
Hey horse, I know what kind of "show" you were in in Tijuana.
God fucking dammit. Fucking jets type bullshit.
He did not look so enthused. 
WHO WILL GET LEONARD???
Shaq is a terrible commentator lol.
We clearly weren't interested in Brown or we wouldn't have traded down in the first place
Lol she took the gloves off
Talk about a team taking a pick because of their division rivals.

Megatron, Kevin White, Jordy Nelson/Cobb
Well he said he'd love to play in LA.
Alex vs. Ware/Miller/Ray should be fun though
Shit. I thought we had DJ.
Vancouver is in Washington and those filthy mongrels pump their own gas.
It's ok brotha. It's time just let it happen 
The part where he talks with a gun in his mouth 
fuck 

THE BACKGROUND
the joke would be on you giving any of your attention to anything at all that comes out of his mouth
Raiders pls take Williams. Pls.
Three times, including the super bowl :)
Well if he is like every other Wisconsin rb we don't have much to worry about.
> You're going to need to throw it constantly 

Do you think we're not experienced in that?
Poor Brady
It's a kicker year, I'm feeling it.
Deep breath smurfetteshat deep breath
[wow... The Eagles offered Sam Bradford to move up](https://twitter.com/RapSheet/status/593928657158033408)
My favorite 1st round prospect. So damn versatile!
hhhhhhhhhhnnnnngggggggggggggggg. finally we have pass rush.
It's not
Fucking Falcons
Who dey!
Woah, didn't expect it!
awwww I feel bad for Leonard Williams 
Because none of the available players were better on the board. 
My money is on Parker to the Browns. Time to move on from Josh Gordon.
Start treating Montee right and we will consider it. 
Of course they go to commercial right before the Brownies.
Jesus will it ever end????
Don't forget about the undeniably sexy Kevin Pereira
good pick for the rams but can someone make a fucking trade come on
Are you not entertained?!?!
well it could be a lot of people.
Great pick, great scheme fit, great culture fit, Aglohor. Bumping Cooper out of our starting WR's feels good. (I think huff will step up)

 I think we trade up to the 10-15th pick in the 2nd round for Eric Rowe. I wouldn't care what happens after that, I would be ecstatic if we landed Rowe.
Booooooooooooooooooo
This has gotta be DaVante Parker for the Vikes, right? makes too much sense.
Im not... That dumpster fire is getting warmer and I love it...
The ashes of a great wide receiver in which he rolls into a blunt and smokes before every game 
Do the Pats need linebackers? Because I could totally see Belichick taking Gregory at 32.
Bucs on the clock 5 mins ago... watchespn *just* aired it. Do I even bother sticking to WatchESPN and trying to not get spoiled, seeing as how I'm *5 minutes behind*? Ugh. :(
LOLOL He said Marcus Mariato
Did great, our pick fills two needs. 
Love this Night Almost as good as transfer deadline day
It's crazy to go back and see this stuff. I really hope Tennessee picks him up with the 33rd pick
that's huff.
One of my best friends' also tore his ACL playing and has his surgery next week after it was delayed twice. Hopefully I can help him through it and get him back to the field too and he sees there are brighter days ahead.
Is Goodell gonna awkwardly gonna look into the camera on stage for every pick?
As a UW fan I'm happy, as someone who desperately wanted Shelton or Shaq I'm very sad.
Eagles, please!
lol at a Bears fan
Guy on twitter: 

@ZacStacy You're getting released bro lol!
Oh thank god! I can still root for MGIII!
There's nothin' in the rules that says a dog can't play Quarterback!
Yes! Wooooo! I fucking love it!
you are not alone, I'm the only nfl nerd in my group of friends, cheers to you man

wowzers
Solid pick for Minn.
Thank god. Fuck Chicago 
Yeah but that's a hell of a lot more spots to move up. 
Me too but that's when it looked like beasley would at least fall to us and sure enough he did. Imagine what would've happened if the Bears selected beasley.
I'm so glad the Lions dumped their black alternate. Hated those.
Bringing up Cribbs reminded me that we need a kick returner, and Dorsett may just fill that roll and be the next Devin Hester but with the skill of TY as a receiver also. One can hope. 
Upvote for booing a Dallas Fan!
"How can footballs be real if pigskins aren't real?"
Without a doubt. Fuck Grigson and his bpa bullshit. If he's the best player left on your board you better fire the fucking scouting department.
Spoiler
I want to see Winston do well in Tampa, hopefully they can shore up their O-line in the draft.
Which was pointless because he would have been at 17 anyway.
Jags: We will just pick right away

NFL: NAHHHHHHHHHH
TD58 repping Hornets. Nice.
Rams aint moving. NPR had piece w/sports economist who calculated it would cost the Rams roughly $2 billion to move, lots coming out of owners pocket. It was all bluff for tax benefits from state govt (and it seems to have worked) 
[Manny Ramirez?](http://fullscalesports.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/manny-being-manny.jpg)
they can't play all 4 at the same time tho right?
A guy with literally the most time on his hands in the world right now
So we traded in for a younger gf?
Good, let the AFC east deal with him so we don't have to.
THE PICK IS IN ROGER.
Thanks for the building's history lesson Berman
https://twitter.com/TWaynes_15/status/593948989419991040
https://twitter.com/TWaynes_15/status/593951529867972608
WHAT NOT WILLIAMS
I WAS PROMISED ANOTHER SHOE!
Still doesnt explain why hundreds of people all upvoted the same comments over and over to the top. As it stands right now pretty much every top comment is LOLNINERFANS
MY MAN.. SPARTY UP.

SUCKS MEGATRON WILL HAVE TO EAT ON HIM
They got Manny rameriez. 
Jesus does this camera man have Parkinson's?
> Plus, he gets over his toes. He's top-heavy.

I can understand that. At 6'3" 320, that mofo is *dense*.
You don't draft a QB with the 2nd overall pick and not start him week 1. 
Marcus Mariota is apparently also working the Jets' draft table as well. What a guy.
And a Broncos fan!
must be the Heads and Shoulders
I think they should but it depends on that the titans are asking for in return
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! FUCK YA! Can't wait!
Chip Kelly still has 8 minutes to get a deal done.
Pats fan invading other subs, this isn't new
SO NOW WE HAVE GURLEY IN OUR DIVISION FUCK THIS
The dream is alive!
And Chargers fans.
So now that the top two RBs are off the board... who's gonna be tempted to try to trade for Peterson?
Really thought ATL was going to trade up to take Williams here
To each their own, then. Originality isn't something I take into consideration when it's just ALTERNATE jerseys...it's not like the 49ers are switching uniforms. I'm not sure why you hold that criteria with such weight.
really wish the bears would have traded up 2 spots and gotten leonard. skins might have been worried that jets were gonna draft scherff then
What's your 40 time, and your max bench? We have some spots open. 
Cocaine cowboy
Just AFC East things?
My personal opinion, White was my favorite player in the Draft. I don't understand why the Bear fans don't like him but they most know more what their team needs than me. I just wanted to say, Kevin White is my favorite player in the Draft. I would be happy if he was on my team. 
C'mon Goodell. How long have you had to practice his name now?
pretty sure Witten isn't Benjamen Button...
Wait...WHAT!?
Great 1-2 punch with Mason now, though.
You've got Tebow now. You're good. 
Pa will gloat for another year about the draft
Time to trade up for Trae Gainz
MAYOCK WITH THE P-FUNK REF.

MAYOCK IS LIFE.
The most upvoted posts have been from patriot fans. I hate your team but damn you guys know how to build a dynasty. I'm happy with Cooper.
Bud Dupree
On the Titans foot
Yes 
Awesome nickname. I hope it becomes a thing.
https://ioneglobalgrind.files.wordpress.com/2014/05/yas-girl-yas.gif
Right? 49ers totally won with that. Were the Chargers really worried that Houston or SF were going to take Gordon?
That was funny. I think he is a good guy though, just nervous. 
But, doesn't everyone need a monster on the D-line? I mean I'd take him in a heartbeat for us. I can count on one hand the number of teams that *don't* need a player like Williams.
More ground breaking insight.
So juiced!
Yeah what's up with that? These guys suck.
Chip Kelly - Cmon Lovie, let me get the 1st pick....I'll suck yo diiiiiiiiiiickkkk
What's an O line?
I'd guess they weighed it and it ended up being 35 grams. 
Yeah but where the fuck would the Washington Redskins find a franchise left tackle? 

And fortunately he will be playing RT, you know, or maybe don't know, that glaring hole in our line?
Careers. They are killing careers so far
Hahahaha oh my god that's awesome
God damn cowboy fans with their big tv's and shit
Jesus. Jets, are you looking to kill Brady?
The Lions traded their pick?
http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/1zurnd/kelvin_benjamin_or_brandin_cooks/

http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/253lo4/2014_nfl_draft_pick_28_kelvin_benjamin_wr/
Its one of the biggest cities in the country. Its not like it was held in Tampa.
There is a draft ticker. It's how they usually do it.
so Eagles.... 
He's tall and fast, that's all I've got for you.
In TT We Trust. This guy's gonna be a legend, watch.

Now let's get ready for the real gold, Round 2.
That dude looks exactly like Tramon Williams. 
So you don't think he would be good for us in the second?
Duh
I'm gonna need none of you fuckers to take D.J. Humphries until our pick comes up.

Ok? Ok.
Or, you know, Joe Haden, Alex Mack or Phil Taylor.
There are seasons when I just wonder "what will it take..."
behold my brother, DAT ASS.

It's the same kid, just grown up. But yes, it's awful.
The next Jamarcus Russell, Mark my word's.
He's not tall enough. In the modern game height matters. He should be a fine receiver, don't get my wrong, but probably not worthy of a #4 pick.
Ted apparently was gushing about this guy. He didn't think he would be available at this point. Thinks he can play cornerback well.
He led the Sun Devils in tackles last year. We had shitty linebackers to inflate those numbers but he certainly isn't a bad tackler.

Edit: He is not a natural CB. Agreed.
Watch Ozzie trade up for Leonard. Just watch it. 
sheesh, the jets are stacked on d-line
You all should collectively feel bad for supporting the NFL's decision to employ a rapist. 
Haha. No need to be so hard on yourself
Gordon: "Cleveland didn't take me. Oh darn, looks like I need to live in San Diego instead."
If your pants dont feel strangely tight around your crotchal region, you aren't excited enough.
That was beautiful guys 
Our GM just confirmed there will be no trade and Whiz said he starts Game 1 against Jameis and the Bucs. #heismanBowl
This is another asshole that doesn't know how to respect a woman... fuck him.
If the pick is in why can't they just say it instead of talking for another 5 minutes???
Your pidgeot evolved into Mariotto 
I'm in as long as it doesn't cost a 2nd round pick.
I actually went to high school with him. Good luck Kevin, Chicago needs you! 
I like this kids shit eating grin. 
Not him, any wide receiver or corner but him, when flume isn't an issue. Just not him
it's from the verified raiders account lmao 
No, we've talked shit way before that. 

Also, Fuck the pats and jets. 
I'm dying......

Yep I'm dead
he was clearly not.
Both are tackles IIRC
C'mon Ozzie! Work your magic!
.
Not being a smart man will do that to you. 
What the What I don't understand that one. I wonder if they might trade mason?
I kinda saw that coming. I'm happy with him as well
BOOOOOOOO

(I love this!)
***Patriots will draft Texas DL Malcolm Brown.***
"limited commercials" 
That poor woman. Her body must be destroyed.
So just how mad are you right now?
Sweet I'll be in Colorado tomorrow too
I can't be sure, but I think Alex Flanagan is in San Diego, guys. 
Alright, our 1st pick is in for the night, who do you think we'll take in our 2nd first rounder?

\#4yearsinarow
For an NFL wideout that is pretty short. He's a great wideout, but we still don't really have a great redzone WR that can go up and catch a fade.
lol yes Baltimore needs Ray Lewis to keep the peace.
Never mind, they just now showed a clip from inside after Mariota was picked. 
Because if he gets caught with it in recreational amounts, he can't get in trouble by state police? 
Alvin "Bud" Dupree *
*Marcus Mariato* 
I saw a lot of people saying there's no way you go WR with Landry, Jennings and Stills.
Word. Didn't realize. Thanks.
...dude
I'm shaking, Guys.
Come on now, theres pretty much no other option besides Beasley.
Fair enough. I wasn't aware of his contract possibility. 
I'll just call him Cedric lol
Best I can do is Matt Simms
dELETED
Sorry Carolina, don't think Humphries gets past Lion's pick
I'm nervous. Come on Kendricks
He's evolving
Even if they do agree with you they're wrong because by the definition of a reach he isn't one. Definitions aren't a democratic thing.
Have you heard of Alshon Jeffrey? He made a little noise in his first few years. 
Great pick for Miami 
I hope the Bucs pick a kicker
Mingo was solid for his draft. 
"Listen, I just KNEW Indy needed another WR. It's clear what their needs were."
Poor Leo.
http://www.nfl.com/videos/nfl-videos/09000d5d828b09fa/Nike-provides-picks-with-authentic-jerseys

couple ofyears old
LOOL 
Wow. Reach
I would like the 1-2 punch at RB. Miller is fantastic, but a solid 2nd RB with a slightly different skillset would give us a lot more than an extra WR.

I like the pick of Parker (it's not the worst pick we've made), I just think we could have done better.
Well, sort of confirming? I wasn't talking about actually changing helmets, although I had no idea that was a rule. I was talking about the appearance of the helmet. As far as my knowledge, and it might be dated as I haven't looked it up in about 2 years, teams can only change their helmet appearance as a part of an alternate for a very good reason, like a throwback.
Oakland finally making good draft decisions
So what is different about the book ending
I'm actually not having issues for the first time in a while with these mega threads.
wow...Linebacker in Carolina is going to be a deep position
You guys traded your pick to the eagles for a second and third rounder this year and a third round next year.
Hey Giants fans, enjoy Flowers. He was stud here at the U. 
I hate this pick, only because I wanted us to make this pick. 
Is there a live chat that just shows all the new comments instead of just hitting F5?
Please not Waynes

EDIT: Well Shit.....
Why are they talking about Thomas Edison 
His name is Bud. They better drug test him
I have a little bit of a problem with a corner that is supposed to play press that is 186 pounds. Also, apparently he doesn't like contact. I'll have to actually watch him though. 
Oh, it's easier on him since the Pats don't got much of a pass rush. Brady has to deal with all three
I hope 
ITS HAPPENING 
I herd chip kelly is gonna stab a guy in ten minutes just to mix things up
Strong WILL make teams regret not picking him. He's hungry and really is an amazing player.
Well played bot
Dude, we have Rashaan "Who the fuck is "Rashaan Melvin" Melvin?" Melvin.

Chill.
We're probably trading Wilkerson then. FUCK.
BOOOOOOOOO!
Waaaaaay too early 
Very, very possible. 
How much did you give? 
Goodell is the most loved person in the NFL
I can only dream (love that song).
Yuuuuuup. BPA it is
I thought it was Jersey?
Ha, the camera man was probably like, "Hey, kid, you're on national TV. Do something..."

*gulp* 

"All right...yeah..." *clap clap*
Dickkkkk Ripppppp! Pic or it didn't happen 
It's black for black's sake. 
Too much hype
Ahhhhhh!!!!
Oh I'm sorry :( I thought you meant the Titans were actually going to be playing football this year.
Love your username!
He's going to be a beast for Denver, what a steal.
SOMETHING HIGH
Jamaica to Detroit... what a dream!
Who do they 'covet'??
You're joking right? How would you d scribe either of those picks as "horrible"?
>start-first-day

is the most important thing about all this imo
you should hang out in /r/redskins then

What does Kevin Costner know that we don't?
Mack has a no trade clause in his contract. Also a player option after this year. He doesn't want to be here. I'm hoping he takes Cam under his wing for the year that Mack has left here before he bolts to a team that will get more than 10 wins with our schedule this year. 
He has raised a lot lately. A lot more comfortable with him as a 3rd rounder
I think "if you have two, then you don't have one" saying applies here.
Makes sense, Titans would be stupid not to take that deal
Hell yeah. So proud of that dude. And I can root for him since he's not on the Cowboys.
Not according to Eisen, said Texans wanted him.
Their first, Their fifth, Chicago's fifth, their fifth in 2016, and OL Manny Ramirez 
Dat hairline
Yes! LEO, COME ON DOWN!
I also thought it was a strange and depressing interview.
MELVIN GORDON YESSSSSSSS
HAHAHAHHAHAHA GET REKT M8
do they think their fans are all tweenage girls?
BEASLEY HYPE TRAIN CHOO CHOO
If this happens and we get more compensatory picks we will have just about every pick in the draft next year.
Was Mariota supposed to be better than Bradford or something?
You stronk?
Probably, but it is chip kelly
Lighten up, Francis. 
THE FUCK IS THIS MUSIC ESPN
pls punter
This was a broken link for me, so I don't know how to respond...
I dunno, but I'm sure the players do. That's the main point. I don't get the impression that it was meant for public consumption.
Britney Spears is still relevant?
anyone have the nfl network stream with mayock etc?
FUCK YOU RUSTON THIS IS HOW A FRONT OFFICE GETS CLEANED OUT FUCK EVERYONE
The same reason rg3 was the star of the draft and not andrew luck. 
Na the colts receiving core is way better than your rb core.
Not a big surprise.

Move it along, nothing to see here.
Wtf, read the pick
Those are nice.
He loves those Canadian codeine pills. 
RemindMe! 10 minutes
Awww yeahhhh! Keeping our first round streak alive

Great pick Cincy. Enjoy him. 
*I dec-c-glare, the Browns select..*
#71 in that highlight on the OLINE is huge and he got rocked. 
So are we going Byron Jones??
If you watched the Colts towards the end of last year you'd see our O line is actually pretty solid. Shut down Denver's pass rush which had 2 of the top 10 sack leaders and Cincinnati's nasty D.
[JJ Watt like](http://www.ashbath.com/graphics/predator/billkill1.jpg)
Why do you have to bring up the death of his brother? Jesus
Gettleman has been gushing of Shaq all offseason. This isn't that surprising with all the OT off the board
Goodell doesn't even know how to pronounce his name?!
"I'll let Jim Beam makes my picks and by god he likes Jason Witten in the second!"
They had the same record, so they swap spots. The first round pick was based on tie breakers
Right? They have lots of weaknesses. They might as well address the one that is really holding back their potential franchise QB...
Akimbo Model 1887s pre patch from mw2
Oh fuck you Grigson, suck a dick.
Yes. He's the most talented QB on the Titans.
And one of the best LGs in the league, who is only a second year pro this coming year. If Erving works out half as well as Bitonio we are gonna be pretty fucking set at OL.
The Bears pick Jay Cutler again with the 7th pick.
Is that gonna be the kid's name?
I dont think that is going to happen.
Easier to be a tweener when you play with guys like Kuechly.
[you misspelled impaled.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/46/1a/47/461a47e9b0a18b8afac47da2f7d623a9.jpg)


LB is the only thing that makes sense. Probably Kendricks.
Projected to be the #1 overall before his senior year and ACL tear in the bowl game. 
ANOTHER DEFENSIVE PLAYER FOR NYJ!
a tear just rolled down my cheek .. i really miss football.
Grudens debbie downer this broadcast
Kansas City! Limp Bizkit committee! 


Fred Durst was one of the greatest lyracists of our time rip. 
Why did he even leave the damn building?
It's really no surprise with a name like that that he became a massive NFL linebacker.
\> jets pick best player in draft

\> jets fans boo
Giving manziel no chance to succeed
Stacy sucks he got benched. Mason and Cunningham however... I don't get it. 
Is Goodell retarded? Serious question
Raiders pick is in..so 10 minutes till they announce it so they can put his name on the Jersey.
Saw that pick coming a mile away
Right? I'm just picturing some big ass 300lb guy dicking around with tiny little cats. Fucked up but quite hilarious
Lel
That was a shitfest
Manny is likely to be depth. Warford had some injury issues last year and we lost our primary reserve to a domestic violence issue. Having a starting quality vet who can play the entire interior is a huge step up for us. Last year we were paper thin and injuries hammered us.
Cooper is the better player period. If you watch Williams for an entire game and you see a lot *Meh* plays.
Yeah but WR
Just a security blanket. Still remembering when Williams, Stewart, Whittaker and Tolbert were out at the same time this past year and how sad that made me at the time. 
Good pick for Dallas. Shitty for us! Damn it!
O
Marcus "The Shoe" Marioto
those fans are frightening 
Or maybe he should stop reading Twitter and spoiling it...
Well, that's 2 out of 3. What was his Wonderlic score? 
mariota le shitter titanse shit team ravens team plane crashe anime flgjnwrgbdnoribneoirbneoirbneoirbneoirbneoirnboeirnboerinboeirnboeirnboeirbnoeibneoinboerinboeirnboeirnhoeingeorigneorgergergergerg
Wondering the exact same thing.

Maybe he's just not as good as some of the scouts said? 
#HOLY FUCKING TITS 
Trade was definitely not on our side here, but Melvin's a heckuva back and does fit our system nicely. If he can do his job effectively, he'll be fantastic value for us and a great back for years to come.
Bucks were always my \#2 Eastern Conference team. Got my Bucks hat on with my Ravens shirt. Not looking great so far.
if by trade you mean "surprise"
[DRAFT ALL THE LINEBACKERS!](http://i.imgur.com/yEzVP8m.jpg)
Myron Rolle
Now the draft begins.
at least he got a good selfie of it while he could
heh heh
Browns have to take a QB here right?
My girlfriend started calling him "Morimoto". I told her I think Batali is more likely to go at number 2.
Raiders are quick to this pick.
For us it is :(. 10 years from now no one will remember we gave up a 4th and a 5th for gordon as he will be in his 10th consecutive probowl.
McLovin. He built SF and Seattle. 
Really hope he does well, as a Canes fan I have to hate him though!
Still safe. Don't think he'll make it past CLE a second time though...
I'd say Breshad Perriman. The guy has a great highlight reel. But his press break is horrific, he catches with his body sometimes and drops frequently. People had him going high but I never expected it to be "BPA" Ravens.
So much hate for this dude I hope he balls out just so everyone will flip flop and say they believed in him the whole time
Another guy with a torn ACL from last year goes first round? 
WOW!!!!!!!!!!!
Everybody has PTSD from seeing Cam get hit so much last year. Even my friend who roots for the eagles messaged me during that game being like "oh my god why are you guys letting us do this to your QB?! Poor cam :(" 

At the end of the day though cam DOES need an O-line as he throws MUCH better when he's got time
[Aw yiss, I just got me three months of gold](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34ae9m/draft_wagers_thread/cqsr5c4?context=3).

I was expecting the Falcons to draft him, and the Rams the least out of all (since i like Tre Mason), but this is not a bad move for the Rams.
"we gon' dominate" I like this kid.
All day long.
Go laugh in his face about it. I dare you.
Yeahh Big Nasty! Represent!
Damn. I hope he sucks :)
damn Saints, blew out both of Griffin's knees back in their bounty days, gets overlooked by Favre but I think they took out Griff's ACL that game. Practically ended his career, I hope one of them got $5 out of their pool for it.
Right? Awesome grab for the steelers. 
LETS GO PACKERS!!!!
We have so many holes though we need to draft BPA. Reaching for a guard at 5 is ridiculous 
How far down do you think they could have gotten? No way Scherff gets past NYG/St. Louis
uuum that one dude from Oregon that Chip wanted so badly that the Titans just took....
Ahahhahaha Raiders gonna raider
It's not a name. It's a compromise. And it's Bernard'Rick
Domo arigato
[All I can think of whenever somebody mentions Ozzie](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/chrono/images/9/98/Ozzie.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20090205011459).
no idea
So, did his mom mean to call him Eric?
In other news: Tom Brady abruptly retires citing personal safety.
NFL NETWORK IS BETTER THAN ESPN ON DRAFT DAY, 1V1 ME IRL.
I really am liking how happy Fowler is and how grateful he seems. Tears coming down the steps, and then prepares for the stage by building up that swag. 
Don't worry you will draft another player that will kill multiple people.
alex flanagan x5
Well are you black? 
Like this dude's gusto.
Dammit.
ALEX FLANAGAN
I'm sure he either just drops from the trade or there is other compensation (future draft pick). Seems like the far and away most likely solution.
Ahh I've never been able to experience the rivalry since the ban happened before I went here lol.
We were all hoping it would happen, bummer.
Yeah, he had a spray bottle and if they didn't fight they got spritzed.

Fucked up.
STEAL!
Life will cease to exist as we know it
They have someone in the back making them. 
Kerry Collins?
Theres some quality 2nd/3rd round guys in this draft. I wanted Peters but him being gone doesnt mean the steelers wont pick a corner in 2nd. 
no..... I don't think so
I'M FAMOUS
armstead...armstead... armchair.. baalke picked armstead as a slight to all us armchair GMs
apparently this Derek Carr person can 'throw a football' 
Yeah to many C names
Less punchable face and ni silly voice?
SIX WIDE RECIEVERS IN THE FIRST ROUND
He's a great guy, he's humble.
The ridiculous Dlines of the AFC East continue...
You don't deserve to wear a Rams jersey
Have fun with single coverage again, Alshon.
AL DAVIS BACK FROM THE GRAVE!
He'd be a reach in the teens to early twenties, but getting a player with the great speed and size with underrated YAC ability in the late 20's is a great value. Especially with Flacco. His mechanics need some touching up on, but people act like that can't be coached. I think he'll be very solid. 
Good point. I would have gone defense, but I'm not exactly qualified to make these decisions. If TT thinks this was the right move I support it.
Hype train down! I repeat hype train down!
Greatest of all time
I think, no matter what the event, local channels are all given the time to broadcast their own commercials.
Rooting for the Jags and the Ravens now on the side. UCF woop woop
Good pick! Vic was a beast for my Tigers.
He can just rock the combforward. Like the girl from The Ring.
Yeah I can't be overly critical until all 7 rounds are over 
No shoe!

All the teams waiting until the last second are trying, and failing, to trade back.

There's just nobody worth trading up for in this draft.
Wow that's ballsy, but Scherff is gonna be solid
Damn the ESPN crew is just absolutely shitting on Beasley
**i told you we were drafting Williams**

Thank you Al Davis.
Fuck life.
We were counting on you Cleveland, but you went and played it safe. You ruined everything!
Why the fuck does Goodell have to leave the building?
For those frustrated at the amount of time between picks even when a team turns there's in quickly: This is a TV show just as much as it is an NFL draft. There's time to fill. 

I don't like it either, but when you remember that this is a show, it quells the frustration. 
We can all hope.
BOOOO NOOOO BOOO
For sharks.
What the FUCK Grigson

What

The

Fuck
BPA all the way!
WHAT. THE. FUCK.

Leonard Williams, we will be happy to get you.
If Bradford can stay healthy he can be really good. But it's a big 'if'.
Really expected Williams. Cooper's great, but still...


I'm pretty sure that Mort is losing his mind and his body. His speech is sooooo slllowww these days and he constantly stumbles over his own mouth.
How far will Williams go
Only reason I included it is because its from Rapoport 
Fuckin Goodell can't do anything right
Mmm, that Davis-Tillman mentoring. 
If the Titans drafted Marioto, does that mean the Eagles can still draft Marcus Mariota?
I think that's a smart pick for the Ravens. Could have snagged Byron Jones but Perriman certainly fits a need
we already have a top 3 d line 
Or beefier on offense
The [shoes](https://twitter.com/SBNation/status/593935278705745920/photo/1) are just as fresh.
MAYBE MAYBE MAYBE?
How you gonna leave out Jonas Gray like that :(
Good pick

#JAGS PICK IS IN
What. I thought at least he would've been there at round 2.
Whoa mr moneybags over here.
where the fuck is goodell 
pls no.

Seriously though I know some guy said BOB thought Petty was the best QB in this draft, but I would honestly be surprised if we took him.
I did not here that Manny was going to be cut, if that is so then I feel a lot better about the trade. Thanks for the insight!
Please don't mess this up. Please don't mess this up. Please don't mess this up. 
Another no-brainer. This Marshall trade was perfect. Jets get a WR and defense, Bears replace Marshall.
Because they desperately need a pass rush and like Freeman?
Tackle is always more of a premiere position pick than G or C.
Oh yeah, nice. 
It's the corn
WHAT THE FUCK?!
Do I comment on the ESPN or the NFL Network thread?
N
He will fall to the pats and they will take him and ESPN with just stop broadcasting.
What happened to Dupree?
But how juicy are skittles 
so boring
Average NFL corner...I'd like one of those. 
Laken winters in Aspen, while Bud vacations at his cousin's house. 
"Rams haven't had a feature back since Dickerson."

Um..Marshall Faulk?

Edit:Yes, I should have said SJax. Look, Faulk was an MVP in STL and I grew up with him, he comes to mind first. 
Man, for all the excitement the draft was billed to have, it's been mostly predictable
Great pick. Runningbacks won't win you championships by themselves, but the fact that the NFL realized that it had overvalued them for years has caused them to swing too far in the opposite direction. They're undervalued at this point. Gurley will be a beast. 
He's a dumbass
That's a pretty good offense 
Cmon man. Beatty is well above average.
I can't control my throbbing boner right now. We can buy these right? RIGHT!?
It's like listening to EVERY BAND THAT HAS COME TO DENVER SINCE.
Gonna be waiting awhile but I'd love to see us take a CB or LB if gordon doesn't fall to 27
Okay Bucs, you've had almost 4 months to think about this, announce it already
You do this too much. 
4-3 I think
Boooooo!


Scherff? Ok.
Brownies were too sexy in last year's draft, trying to balance it out this year.
I wanted him :(
NYJ still stocking the defense.
I've seen this joke several times. Is it a reference to an actual player?
I SAID WE STRONG THEN
What!!!!???? I didnt see this coming.
Or that
Those wonderful boos
I love the Jags draft hat
hahaha finally something exciting
Shaq Thompson olb
Welp... tonight was a first for Jets fans.
More quiet
he is a raw prospect , but has a higher upside than the other 2
Can anyone explain to me in detail with reasoning why ESPN is so terrible? Honestly. I heard someone on NFL network use the word "clutch" unironically earlier. It seems to me like it's just dumb circlejerk from a bunch of dumb 17 year olds. This sub has gone downhill from 8 years ago
Somebody finally bites on Perriman.

The speed, man! THE SPEED!
I mean they're just alternates. They're not changing their jerseys or anything, but I get what you're saying.
Well fuck. So close. 
Ha, I knew the Raiders weren't going to take Williams
Someone else trades for him
John Fox is texting Del Rio like "Can you believe they made me take a WR in the first round?" And Jack is all "Ugh, tell me about it."
I always play with my new toys ASAP. Mariota will be good to go.
Will this fucking draft stop interrupting my commercials. 
Remember, we did boo JJ Watt when we drafted him.
3 picks away from Erik Kendricks. Come on, baby.
I'm okay with this.
No York is the devil. Goodell is just a bit better
HA!

WSH Should for their own good take Scherff but they wont
AFC EAST DLINES GROW STRONGER
DOUBLE FUCK!
This was a luxury pick for Denver, you can never have enough pass rush.
Mallett is just as good a bet as Bortles and Mariota.
Well he's a free agent this coming summer, do you think San Fran can offer him the max?
If he doesn't go to NO you have a good shot
I don't really see another pick I would've wanted once Cooper was picked, so, I guess it's okay.
Brady better watch himself
Buck Allen will be an eagle.
A HUGE reach. He has some talent as an NT, but he is NOT a 1st round NT.
Damn, Jacksonville not wasting time, time to get my BOOOOO's ready again
Way to bring that up Suzie. Fuck off please.
You do NOT boo TD58. WOOO SHAQ!
In his defense, in n out burger is fucking amazing 
God damn it! Show him with the commish! I want to see the love!
Strong. IN OZZY WE TRUST!

Edit: Copypasta incident, I'd really like Strong.
And they are both starting! That is crazy. I think Mariota finds a way to pull the Titans to a win.
ty rams and chargers. now we can draft smart and not have jerry get tempted with a 1st round rb
Welcome to draft coverage 2015
Gore was brought in to kick butt and train his replacement in a few years. Whether that's Boom, Ballard, Stacy, Abdullah, Coleman, or whomever, I don't care. Just give us a reliable RB. 
If we don't pick someone to fill in the o-line, that kid won't be able to run 10 yards before he gets injured again.
Steal Andre from Houston then draft TY Hilton 2.0 anyway lol wtf
Well... the redskins fucked up 
Pls Bills
There's one that I'll be able to talk to but not until September on campus. He plays professionally now and had a similar injury in the past.
I don't like this pick. I wouldn't pick a right tackle this high. The offense led the NFL in yards but the defense was 31st in yards? 
Raiders didn't waste any time.
O m g
what?

Oh man we're already in? Jeez we pounced on that.
If you look at it strategically it makes sense- if you're a fucking idiot, you will never understand why anything happens
Almost has his own baseball team.
At least most of them are getting downvoted pretty fast. What else can you expect?
"epitome."
Saved. I will hold you to that. 
You get back here and be as thirsty as the rest of us dammit
I'm so heated
An episode of The League addressed this and it was pretty funny 
120-66 final score. I didn't know deer season started early this year.
Apparently we like ACL tears as much as Chip Kelly. 

I honestly think it pays off eventually. Patience...
Oh ya. WR has been one of the main positions talked about with the 33rd pick between that or a tackle. The two most common I've seen are Strong and DGB.
Why not both?
No but we drafted his replacement. Now go look at Justin Smith's stats and look at how many sacks he's racked up. No go get a book and read up on the difference between 3-4 & 4-3 defensive lineman. 
i want Byron Jones more
Well if Scherff plays guard is not picking him in the top 10 a reach? We needed O-line help and got it at 9, only other player I would have liked there was Shelton
I see they are simulating an actual NFL game with a gratuitous amount of commercials. 
i mean people always mad and go with the hivemind best pick. its hard to do that past the first 4 or 5 picks. everyone wanted fairley over jj so.

we will see!
Three UDFAs, Greg Robinson and Saffold.
With a QB like Cutler they should be pros as booing.
HI GUYS. WE ARE BACK TO PICKING IN THE FIRST ROUND.
LA Rams confirmed
Woo. 2015 NFL Draft Draft, here we go.
Damn ... Johnny sure had good linemen that Heisman year
Swa
What would Dion Jordan have to do with him? 
Did he Just say Winston has a 4.0? or was that just hyperbole?
He *was* wearing a button in memory. Plus, it's a soulless ESPN production.
That wasnt a surprise Schefter....
59-0
Holy crap, Gurley's comment about his favorite city in the IAmA earlier today is....interesting...
what happened to being confident and competing
Tears of joy.
It's in their logo...
Supposedly the Texans wanted him.
I feel Trae Waynes is a reach but we'll see about that too.

Dude isn't the best corner in the draft. 
Yeah, he's only rational because the Titans didn't want all that loot.
Fuck 1st-round CBs. We'll take someone with less red flags in the 2nd.
One of my friends that played Center in high school did that. Actually made the school tennis team and was reasonably successful playing competitively. Watching a 300lb guy who is athletic enough to smoothly play tennis is terrifying to watch. The coaches on the opposing team just sat there dumbfounded a lot.
Oh god its our turn to blow it
WHY NO TRADE OMG
Alualu hasn't been an interior lineman for a few years.
7 :)
Dupree is the early steal of the draft.
Well I know I'm kinda annoyed that they got Amari, so take that how you will. 
4th rounder this year. 5th rounder next year.
Yeah, there are some players who need to sit. Mariota isn't one of them. The issue he has need to be worked out on the field. 

And let's be real, if Mariota can't figure out how to take a snap under center in camp, he shouldn't be a first round pick.
Don't you touch coop you motherfuckers
Nice meme 
THIS IS ARRON DONALD ALL OVER AGAIN!!!! LEONARD COME TO DADDY!!!!
MARIO MARINARA
Oh fuck this. They just killed about half of the excitement about this draft.
This makes me happy
Astute observation
Whats Defense? Sounds familiar....
"Nothing could stop this kid, except his ACL injury..."

Boom must be drinking paint thinner tonight. He's losing it.
Chris Pauls
won't trade Mack, the way his current contracts structured he'd be little more than a very expensive rental. If we don't show enough potential this season then I'm sure Mack opts out of his last 2 seasons and bolts, in which case Erving just slides over and replaces him.
I guess they dont believe in birth control. Damn 
Anyone know who the best TE is left? Can we get him? 
Oakland's pick has been in for like 5 minutes, god damn
Not a bad pick. Washington's team is just bad.
We don't really "need" him but how do you pass on the best player in the draft?
Wait SD traded up? For what? Lol
> Titants?

Well, if I ever make a football-based porno, I'm going to call it "Remember the Titants."
LOOOOOOOOOOL A RT AT 5 OVER WILLIAMS LOOOOOOOOOOOL
Come to Jerrah, Byron!
you go on autopick duh!
lol, they really draw this out
Off field issues? The dude got caught doing the exact same thing that every other kid at Mizzou was doing.

Is getting caught his off-field issue? This is a great fuckin pickup. Stoked.
Thompson and Keuchly together. Oh boy.
Falcons? Or was there a trade?
Record for most misspelled Eric names in the 1st round? I think so.
Adele Dazeem's little brother.
[It's from Katrina Law's instagram](https://instagram.com/p/2G2HJOBs8-/?taken-by=misskatrinalaw)

Speaking of which, Katrina Law is actually an Eagles fan so it's fitting!
This was a pick atlanta had to make.
What a let down 
what??
Manny is not a good lineman. He got moved off from C because he was getting shoved back, and then as a guard his pass pro was horrid.
Don't run outside Williams don't bust a Bo Callahan
Hope the Dolphins trade up, and we take Williams haha. 
go jags!
More weapons for Cutty to overthrow!
[Not bad]( http://gif.co/o77n.gif)
At this point he's just fucking with us, right?

There's the spoiler we've all been looking for
You guys made out like bandits

THE WHOLE POINT OF DEFENSE IS TO TACKLE!
??????????????????????????
Dude can block like nothing else.
Yeah you say he's overdrafted but you also said we should draft fucking Gurley
Not really mostly Bears fans, they were booing a ton at selection square too outside
With Dupree still on the board, this was a major fuck up. 
Well then, congrats on your new QB. I think he's gonna be pretty good, I just hope Whiz learned from his mistakes in Arizona.
Man the Atlanta GM is looking fly, that haircut alone is worth 4 wins
Too bad in the NFL it's not
Hmm...both sound pretty good. I don't really have anything to add. What are our biggest needs? I know we filled a lot in the off-season, now we just need another WR, an OL, and S? Did I overlook anything?
We don't need no WR

-Panthers
I haven't read a lot of reddit analysis leading up to the draft. I just pay a lot of attention to the Pac-12, and I don't think Armstead is anything more than a depth defensive lineman in the NFL. If that's what you want with your 1st round pick, it's not terrible, but I think people are looking for more at #17. And maybe I didn't emphasize this enough, but with Malcolm Brown still available I just don't see how you take Armstead over him in that spot. That's a big part of what made me call it the worst pick, not just Armstead himself.
"Nothing could stop this kid other than his ACL injury"
WILLIAMS WERE HERE FOR YOU
Should have traded down.
Seems like it. The Chargers must have been positive that the Texans were going to draft Gordon. It's not impossible to believe but god, that's a lot to pay to jump over 2 teams.
Bit of a reach, but you can't argue about how necessary it is
im a big guy for him
Niners fans denied it all week. Not a bad pick though. Remember, this sub HATED Kelvin Benjamin during the draft and look at him now 
Shhhhh
Yeah, and the same could be said if they took any other player and they busted. I think you may just be looking for an excuse to shit on the Titans.
Haha draft good so far for us! 
Dude, Shelton is a fucking giant. 
I see him more as a Ben Roethlisberger clone. He's nowhere close to as athletic as Cam 
Probably just Kap.
Oh, for baseball?
Maybe it doesn't count since Goodell said his name wrong.
You shouldn't. We've missed many times.
that would be awesome.
>fans when Goodell is on stage: "BOOOOOOO"

>Goodell, laughing: "Like I give a fuck."
He's not athletic enough to compensate for his size imo. If you're coming out as an OLB at 220ish pounds you better be exceptionally fast and explosive, and his combine didn't really show me that.

I think he got away with a lot in college by being more athletic than his competition, and at this point I'm not sure if he can cover an athletic NFL tight end, never mind defeating a 260 pounder blocking him.

All my opinions, but I see a guy with the speed of a linebacker and the strength of a safety rather than the other way around. 


20~ seconds?
That look between Fowler and his dad was some real shit. Awesome moment for both of them.
Saints movie, "You, Me and *NOT* Dupree" coming this fall.
I hope he picked Mariota on the technicality that Goodell pronounced his name wrong
Lol I fucking love you Browns fans.
Odd, not a single boo to be heard.
Gotta love that pick
sorry bro
Tenn has to take Mariota right?
Mariodo?
Elizabeth ESPY lol
man, Andrus Peat got a big ol'booty
THE FUCK?! WHY! WHY?!?!?!?! WE HAVE 3!
Ours doesn't look good? Are you smoking crack? We have one of the best "rookie" quarterbacks in the league. A guy who lives and breathes football. He's there on days off. He's married already with a kid. He's all religious and shit so he don't do Johny Football crap. Dude is on the level. And then we have Khalil Mack.. fucking stud! And then we just picked up the 3rd best center in the league in free agency. We are just fine. Oh, by the way, we also just picked up possibly the best guy in all of the draft for Carr to throw to. In the mean time, you have a quarterback who doesn't really want to play for the Chargers anymore (has stated he doesn't want to play in LA no matter what), and what else do you got? Not much. We are on our way up. You guys are just stagnating and still looking for a Super Bowl win. It don't matter when we got ours. We got em. That's something to be proud of. 
Alright if you were using the stream I posted here, it stopped working. Here's another one.

http://www.stream2watch.com/sports/football/nfl-draft-live-stream-april-30
Do the top guys in the draft have a hat for each team ready to go?
Right!? We're in the cusp of a solid dline!
He went in the 6th due to an injury, a diluted urine sample, and a sexual assault charge.
DOMO ARIGATO MR MARIOTO

domo DOMO...
Another solid pick.
This is a bad move for the Rams, unless Gurley fighting his way out of his own backfield to get to the line of scrimmage is a win.
"All he does is win"

Sounds like Tebow....jk
NOOOOO THE RAIDERS ARE GONNA GET WILLIAMS FUCK
But he'll be low-key, hated on by most of these mock drafters cuz the injury. (rap doesn't have to make sense right?)
SO DO RGIII's! Im still disappointed though :(
Same, apparently :P
OL and DL?

NO. Ravens need a Corner. 
Or he doesn't look at other people's boards and doesn't care if it's different.
Dorial Green-Beckham, a WR. Not sure what college.
That's Casey Hayward's role...unless we're transitioning Casey outside?
NO SHIT
NO.
We haven't been undefeated after Week One since GW Bush's first term.
He covered one of our biggest needs, a quick safety with very good coverage skills and at times can make up for mistakes by corners. We have good corners but have nothing that's proven at safety.
I'm disappointed that we didn't trade down or draft a random dude from Rutgers like we always do. It's my favorite tradition right after Jets fans booing their picks and everyone booing Goodell. At least everyone booed Goodell.
Shane Ray going to Colorado for that legal pot.

Leonard Williams FREEEEEEFALLLLLL!!!!
Who needs to shore up the middle of that defense, right? I mean, WR was such a position of need. Why let Moncrief get a chance to blossom.
"Wisenhunt just needs to adapt to Mariota's dual threat....." Yeah he's shown that he won't do that before, why now?
Carr got his weapon, now Teddy will get his.
I think he's going to play right field, he's getting pretty old though
I mean, he's serviceable at damn near everything, but not amazing at one specific position. 
WILLIAMS WAS ON THE BOARD WTF
Seriously? I love these. They look slick. 
Those poor souls...
Good fix for their backfield and for the mod
I played football at LSU and I gotta say you could end up on this list for missing class or for missing even just one workout. Moffit is a perfectionist (one of the main reasons for LSU's continued success) but this is hardly an indictment on someone's character
I think they may have been holding out hope for Byron Jones.
I feel like the Titans took Marioto just to spite Chip and the Eagles 
Now you have two old WR!! /s
You have to beat the Jets and Bills 6 to 4
His son happened
You're a few hours behind.
What the fuck?
Guys, the pick has been in since before pick #4 was announced. Why are you talking about Washington trading when the TV right there says they didn't?


When you- whe--- when you loo---
Well we know he's good since he played in the SEC.
I got the high and tight. Jaboo got a fade. 
Another commercial break.. what's even the point in watching? All picks will be in before they even announce the Lions pick.
This sucks. I normally relish making fun of the Browns but this was a fantastic pick. 

What kind of Bizarro-world is this?
Did you mean Missouri? Or Kansas City?
congrats
WHY NO WHYYYY 
I mean Tre Mason still exists...
I really don't want the Bengals to take any of the slips/steals here...
Well yeah I think that would have been better.


Movie changed its name actually. It's now just live die repeat 
I don't know what to think of ours. Hopefully you're happy with whatever the Pats do! 
I now love this pick. Thank you.
Anthony is better IMO. You guys will love him.
DO YOU SEE THIS FUCKIN 4.3
Bose and beats are competitors. Bose sponsored the draft. Beats directed Mariota and Amari Cooper to use their Beat headphones for their phone calls because they always show the team calling the player
Honest question: do they make a jersey for every team with a player's name on it so that they're ready for every occasion?
Makes sense. You need a good CB to compete.
**HAHAHAHAHAHA AFTER ALL THE TIMES NINERS FANS SAID THIS WOULDN'T HAPPEN AND IT DOES**
As a Spartan fan I hate to see him go to a rival, but you guys just got one hell of a corner.
you forgot about cornbread
And because you have taste?
I am just stunned he fell to the Jets. We are so drafting an OL.
Why make that jump for Gordon? Unless Houston was talking to Cle or Det for the same reason, neither SF or Hou is looking for a RB...
Such problems 
Hook'em 
http://i.imgur.com/SiyOad8.gif
No fun allowed :/
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
wa wa
I wanted White :(
Williams isn't getting picked
No, the cap hit is the same regardless of whether they trade or release the player.
HAI GUYS DID U KNOW HE DID DA MARIJUANAS AND HE'S GOING TO A PLACE WHERE U CAN DO THE MARIJUANAS WHERE DA POPO DON'T CARE?

JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW AS I DON'T THINK THIS INFORMATION IS THAT WELL KNOWN 
Great value. The pick at least.
Woah! Titans fans in the wild!
How will he stop {insert patriots running back} from running all over them?
Is... Is this a real video? I'm scared to hear the answer, but I need to know.
I dont understand. My head hurts trying to understand. I need a fucking drink.
what he say?
Welcome to the 2015 Mariota Draft
It's a bit early to say that imo.
Woooo. LETS GO BEARS
Yeah well what do u expect dude. 
Finkle is Einhorn. Einhorn is Finkle.

Oh, sorry, no spoilers thread.
YOU GO TO HEAVEN 
all purpose that got forced out of LT in college?
lmao Colts
Goodell whispered "You're fined".
WTFFFFFFFFFFF
OLB is a need and he was easily the best player available. No brainer IMO
Damn, I really wanted this guy, and we picked right before y'all. Dude has crazy wingspan, his mechanics kind of remind me of JJ. 
was hoping the falcons would trade up for him damn
yea that guy is out fo the entourage... Sorry man.
Please dear God just a few more picks....
If you're talking about the Manning singing one, I wish it would go. It makes me feel very uncomfortable.
Kevin White right here. Book it.
Bucs fan here. Your assessment is spot on.
God I hope Carolina does something stupid, leaving Humphries...
Well, someone is about to lose their dick. 
Jerry's black bastard child, Byron. 
"I'd work Marcus Mariota in really slow, I'd try to work him in on the back end..."


Nah, bro is balding
Actually, Witten is getting older.
There weren't any good value db's left on the board, and Olb was a definite need. 
Has the guy who got caught with weed this week, been selected yet
is not attending the draft gonna be a thing now for top prospects?
I love it 


Dat Strahan gap.

Don't forget INCREDELMAN baby
there was this one dude i worked with he was a bucs fan and he was really shitty and lazy and complained all the time so i want winston to be a bust. fuck you jammel seriously you were a lazy fuck
You think you have to wait a long time for your GM to trade back?
He was let go due mainly to some conflict with the organization. There is no reason they would not have been able to trade him otherwise.
pictures?
"Willing to listen" in this case means "please please please offer us something big for this guy we just drafted his replacement and can't use all 3 at once"
No he isn't being traded Marcus is the face of our team now he is the guy. Whether or not you liked the pick doesn't matter anymore all you can do is root for him.
CLUTCH
That would be a great pick
why did both of my teams have to make picks I don't like? I know gettleman likes to go BPA but there are so many needs that a LB is just silly. 

I don't like tonight.
MIAMI HAS THE DOLPHINS!
.... but we dont really need him
IN REGGIE WE TRUST!!!
Da U
WHO DEY gonna draft?
I'm rooting for this guy to succeed. 
"Shit, there go my chances."
They have a sweat shop under the stage
WHAT!? **WHAT THE FUCK DID LEONARD DO!!??**

Also, Jets fans, how much did you just jizz?
I'm sorry, I didn't realize that you knew exactly what happened that night. In that case, you should go testify in court.
Hey everybody remember **NO FUCKING SPOILERS** in this thread
Marcus Marino?
Danny, you have permission to punch this woman right here, right now. Take it or leave it 
zing
Obviously I want homeboy to kill it next year and he has the skills to. After some of the bonehead moves he pulled during the season last year though, lets just say I wasn't as surprised as I wish I was to see him on that list lol
DAMNIT!! Give me Beasley!
It went against conventional wisdom, sure. But if you're mad that they took the best OL in the draft, then I can't help you.

That Bo Jackson burn on Tampa will never get old.
No we take Shelton if the Browns pass on him
"Hey, congrats on going #12 overall. Now tell me about your dead older brother."
Wtf?
They said athlete for both.
So NFL Network lied.... no trade. STOP TEASING ME
Probably Trae Waynes
FUCK!

SORRY PHILIP.
Great pick by the Bears. 
Why do we want their coaches? 
Sad that we missed another stud DLineman by one pick
GO PACK GO
As a resident of Tampa Bay the area need a well known athlete like him. I really wanted him as a Jet but best of luck in the Bay.
Holy shit, Williams sliding right about now
http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/347284/what_is_your_not_bold_draft_prediction/cqs9z9z

"Not bold prediction thread"
We give #15 and get #17 a 4th rounder and a 2016 5th
omg.
Wooohoo now lets take Dupree! 
This sucks
Foles isn't Shaun Hill either... So..?
Anyone have a screenshot of Gurleys reaction?
mort looks like someone is holding a gun to him and telling him to be cool
The jags are pretty popular in Britain due to them playing in London pretty often. 
If he's got hands he won't need to pull that shit. Then we might actually get some YAC.
No surprise there...now the real fun begins
Lol where is Alex Flannigan?
Team didn't exactly have exceptional talent around him. 
Is being awkward a requirement to be a pundit on draft day? 
What is up with his combine bench? 23 reps is weak sauce for an o lineman
Chris Berman should just put "Poet" on his business card.
*I hate talking about how awesome I am, because I do it so much. Tired of hearing it from me*
beautiful
Maybe it'll only be 45-24 next time.
Browns select QB Cody Fajardo
Still Pac-12 tho. Chip staying true to his roots
Well the booing is tradition and bucs drafting Winston isnt really funny so...
uhh...did Thomas Davis just have to announce his replacement?
Is this still a narrative? There were alot of WRs found in the second round last year. I still think Panthers will go for one in the draft.
What's the deal with Malcom Brown?
I mean I got my my an s4 for her birthday what's wrong with that. 
So basically the Colts just drafted TY Hilton again
*camera pans to Eagles war room. Staffers are gently sobbing in the corner. Chairs and papers are strewn about, and several poorly drawn ducks are seen scrawled on the walls, in material suspiciously similar to blood. Near the center of the room sits a lifeless, nearly headless Chip Kelly, a bottle of liquor and an ivory hilted revolver with 5 shots chambered beneath his lolling arms.*


A bit, more about not enough talent worth trading up for.
Hmmmm, I really feel like yogurt. But which to choose? There are so many to choose from...Who does the NFL endorse? Oikos? 

Perfect. I will purchase Oikos.
MA, I'M DONE WITH MY SEGMENT
Oh my god I can't wait for the Mariota bandwagoners to go back to wherever they were before today.
Was Houston gonna take Gordon? 
I expect the pics/video by the morning.
THAT'S WHAT I WANT TO KNOW TOO. I wanted him so bad. Not another WR...
Of course they are
Jags you da real MVP.
WE DONT KNOW THAT ANYMORE
That suit is atrocious 
Fuck no. They're all versatile enough to play together. And Coples. And Snacks.
color me surprised
Did you do boards in past drafts? Would be curious to take a look.
So because everyone here is poor and like Magic you are upset everyone also likes NFL Network. I don't understand your logic. If you don't like Reddit, don't come to Reddit?
I think there is a real possibility the Titans are waiting to see who's still available at #20
Too bad.
Beats endorsement. 
im pretty sure melvin would have been there at 17
Any other peasants struggling to stream ESPN radio like me?
gotta think it goes Parker then Dupree here
GOAT name
He's not going to play center.
Ironically He just said on ESPN the patriots made the best pick in the draft lol
Wow, they managed to both not take the BPA and not fill a need. Impressive.
Liking the way this draft is going so far
Boring. No trades yet.
Who will be #2??
YES that's a reach
I think her goal is to get each draft pick to cry during her interview. 
Ha! Totally burned!
i accept the downvotes

Good call by that Cowboys fan on nfl network.
most weirdly underrated guy in the draft. Best WR in the draft since Dez probably 


Williams. Good WRs are far easier to find I feel
ITS HERE! ITS FINALLY HERE!
Why is this outside!? 
"This is a great day for you... let's talk about your dead brother". 
Just for WRs I have him behind Watkins and Evans as prospects.
I said it once before and I'll say it again.

There will never be a burger good enough to turn me into a Steelers fan.
Easy for you to say
Assuming he comes back from his bowl game injury, this will be looked at as much more of a steal.
Guard is what he will probably play.
Why the fuck have I never seen this before?
Fuck you Broncos!
You should try flying in your lucid dream. Its really cool. Go on. Go jump out your window.
I am so happy!!! Leo Williams is gonna be a Redskin!
Hmm...I've heard so much about Gurley...seeing him without pads and whatnot...he looks like a FS or something, not a RB. 
Don't worry, they seem to have that covered. 
YOU STUFFED UP HIS NAME, DAMMIT.
Only if they wanted every broncos fan to have Vietnam level flashbacks.
In Ozzie We Trust bro
[**@NFLLive**](https://twitter.com/NFLLive/)

> [2015-05-01 01:49 UTC](https://twitter.com/NFLLive/status/593955337700511744)

> Charger fans be like... [[Attached pic]](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CD4nNr7W0AADQGq.jpg) [[Imgur rehost]](http://i.imgur.com/TJmBfXO.jpg)

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

LOL have you watched our defense? Irvin would still start if we traded for him
Damn, that was awesome! I want to see someone try that in the NFL
I had such high hopes :(
Best Andrus in the draft, by far.
He actually reminds me of Tramon Williams in how he moves and tackles.
I know, I was joking.
Why the fuck is it so hard to keep the pick off the screen until it's announced? 
Fuck that edge rush.
It will be the first time in a long time that ESPN has hyped anything Bucs-related, so I'll take it
Were they? 

I mean, I saw a lot of people, at least here, doubting Manziel would turn out.

At the very least, it seems like their picks this year were much safer. A QB, *especially* a QB like Manziel, is a very risky prospect. Shelton and Erving seem like safer bets to me.
Ditto. Couldn't believe it
Lol what the fuck, Detroit?
Building up the tension. No one knows who we're going to pick.
Should've been Jaelen but I can't wait for Ozzie to prove me wrong once again.
Not surprised. Experts called this one earlier.
I'm sure he did his due diligence. I doubt one of the best gms of all time drafted a dude on hype. He's looked into it more than anyone else on here
Everybody saw the success the teams that took OLs the previous seasons now everybody trying to emulate hahaha
For years 
Worse, Jets do. At least Ryan ain't there.
He didn't actually answer any of the questions in that interview. That was strange.
It's more in reference to Jackson then anything.
Just saw a tweet that Eagles are taking WR Nelson Agholor from USC
Also me.
Can he draw PI flags though?

Bucs select Ryan Leaf... Oh nevermind I thought we were talking about teams taking bust QBs.
Poor Gregory.
You'd think it's in Wake Forest, NC but it's not. It's in Winston-Salem, NC. Don't know why I'm telling you this 
Yeah I dunno. He seems out of it.
I called it!!!!
that lack of all white outfits are saddening me 
Say what you want about Iowa football and Kirk Ferentz but it really does produce quality linemen. 
WR I would assume 
Would you be if Jacksonville picked you?
does everyone keep booing goodell? poor guy
denver's first this yr (28), 5th this yr, 5th next yr, and manny ramirez
There are two other teams in the division...
He'd be playing at his true spot though expecting that Trae is at the 2.
It's how the entire English world spells it beisdes you wacky yanks.
I hope that was a joke.
I dont wanna look or hear. Who did we pick?
Congrats 'skins, you just gave RGIII an extra half second to not die.
OAK has to go Cooper here right? 
He talks ~~white~~ like a pre-med student.
NBA update, Spurs Clippers tied at 32 with 9:40 left in the 2nd. 

Change your diaper? Really? 
wow 
of course. I knew this circlejerk would come, but this is a great pick and they knocked it out of the park. great potential, and after Smith and the young promise in Gaines, the talent at CB drops off there. I think this will help a lot. great pick. makes a lot of sense, too. 
LOL Remember when Marcus was the Eagles future. Now he sucks right. C'Mon Man!!
I heard that from more than Bernstein though
But now they're thinking about getting rid of Muhammed Wilkerson, who is thought to be one of the top 3-4 DEs in the league.
WHAT!
Contract, and the player. They wanted to move on from Marshall. Get a young kid on the cheap who can easily replace BMarsh's production. Figure out other holes in the roster later.
Most positive people ever, until you somehow cross them on a football or rugby field. Then, watch yourself. 
yea well i hope that chaos ensues!
Lets send the guy busted for weed to denver...
We could've drafted a lineman to facilitate the run game. I say we needed a lineman more than a WR.
Didn't expect the Chargers to be the ones to move up.
"Why are you picking Jon Beason when you have Dan Morgan?"
Clocks running out...

*theme from jeopardy*
He doesn't have much time
/r/nflstreams/ 
I thought he was gonna body slam him. Damn it
Bellichick did.
SONS OF ANARCHY REFERENCE! 
I predict this gets deleted
[NFL.com mirror: Nike provides picks with authentic jerseys](http://a.video.nfl.com/films/s2012/nflcom/offseason/120427_excl_nike_draft_jersey_chat_3200k.mp4)


What if the Saints take a RB? I mean Payton seems to be gearing up our offense to run more.

Our D sucks though. So I don't know how I would feel.
WE SKRONG DEN
Who cares about throwing passes? We'll win with our superior snapping abilities.
I wouldn't get balls to teeth until you get rid of Cutler's contract. 
No shout out to the fans streaming it on random sites?
It's also a market where college football really outranks the NFL in public enthusiasm. And I think there are more people in Jax who were raised in Pittsburgh than people who grew up here. Out of the 15 people I'm closest to, I think 3 are actually from Jacksonville. With all the caveats, the Jags actually have some pretty good support. If they start winning, it'll really blow up.
Irving is so fucking salty.
I really don't want Mariota, please take him Bucks. 
Jameis didn't have time to finish shaving
I'm happy with that pick.
What? 
And Marshall Faulk
i mean devaluation of positions leaves certain areas of the first round flooded with better talented prospects. The lower third of the draft consistently has more talented 4-3 OLB than it does talented LT. BPA can hurt you if you don't have a coach who is not flexible enough to fit his scheme to his players... and if an OLB happens to be the best player on your board 3 years in a row, you're in bad shape. Now, I'm not worried about that. Thompson is perfect for Rivera... but the philosophy itself isn't blankly bulletproof.
It's legal there!!!!
Wtf is that on his face?
I feel like this Houston pick will be for a wr
Meh. Honestly I don't know what I'm supposed to be using them for in the first place. 
yea let's not.
You tried
They are fake. https://twitter.com/raiders/status/593996122936344577
The Jets will try to draft Mariota, having not paid attention to the fact that he was already drafted.
As an ASU fan, what do you think of him?

I've seen his highlights and while he looks like a surefire tackler and a great coverage player, everyone looks great on their highlight reel.
#BOOOOOO
...that makes no sense at all. I'm pissed, Landon Collins was right there!
I missed it, what happened?
I wanted Gregory, but it looks like his stock is plummeting for whatever reason. Bruce was interviewed after the first round today, it doesn't sound like they'll make an effort to get him :/ 
Ding ding ding
Tata's doing a great job with them too.

Go Big Red!
It's the commissioner they're booing and the poor job he did last year with the scandals.
Why?

EDIT: FUCK IT TOOK A FEW SHOTS OF WHISKEY. ALL WE NEED IS THE PASSING GAME. WE'RE LIKE THE SEATTLE SOUNDERS OF THE NFL. FUCK DEFENSE. ALL ABOUT THAT OFFENSE. 
Makes me laugh every time I see it.
Yup. Play action, roll out right, hit Evans for a 50+ TD. All. Day. Long.
That one fan didn't know what to think.
BPA?
Are we not going to talk about how fucking great Fowlers suit is?
The Rams?

I mean, I guess he'll definitely make an awesome addition along with Tre Mason & Zac Stacy but... wow.
Nooooo
Can't even spell his own name right.

Holy fuck how far behind is NFLN?
What are the chances that an elite D-Line talent gets taken 1 pick before the Bears two years in a row? lol
http://i.imgur.com/BguvFVA.gif
But white isn't doing a show once a week in New York.
Byron Jones is gone
JAGS AINT FUCKING AROUND. 
Killer in the cell, too.
Warford will start.
"I have to compete with Mariota AND Marioto???" - Mettenberger
I know I'm not. Would have loved Williams, but we need a receiver more.
Who was he behind? Cunningham or Stacy? 

Edit: I'm drunk sorry. Thought we were talking Mason for some stupid reason. 
Damnit, Donald!
LOL GOODELL SAID MARIOTA WRONG
"Mettenberger is the tits. How *dare* any of you speculate about that! He's our future QB. We love him!"

*Drafts Mariota*

**BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
poor wording. not the only reason they're bringing him in. but its most likely a big reason, as it is in most cases
L. Tomlinson is a steal here.
And its way better to get released/traded now than get cut during/at the end of camp in the roster crunch. If you move now, you actually have a chance to learn a new playbook and establish yourself on the team.
Chip is about to change the game
You've been pronouncing it correctly. I went to middle school with him.
GIMME DAT KENDRIXXXXX
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Dibs on whoever you don't take. We literally have the same needs (minus safety)
Because we don't need any dline, we need DBs, WRs and oline. Honestly we need any position but Dline, RB and QB
Why is it whenever any new jersey comes out that people say they look terrible. They look sick as hell. 
Reid with the classic "talented guy with character issues" pick.
In a grind it out division you actually need strong lines to grind it out. I'm very happy we are a couple of picks ahead.
Tomlinson....LOVE that pick.
That's not a defensive linemen
SUCK IT BEARS
I didn't have season tickets, but was there for four games...including the Apple Cup in Pullman. Ugh.
QBR
*With the 27th overall pick in the 2015 NFL draft, the Dallas Cowboys select...Adrian Peterson!*
G-good pick?


So y'all have a great duo now! 
Who could we have picked that would have helped?
That's why we're here for good times
He'd be lucky to be our 4th best WR. Absolutely pissed at this pick. Two insanely brilliant players on defense ripe for the picking and we go a position we're stacked in?
Like to hear that.

Does he still cough all the time and use "time's yours" in his press conferences?

Chiefs were always my AFC team because of Montana and the Hunts went to my high school.
Brady was the starter. He took down Alabama in the Orange Bowl too. 
Draft is normalizing now. Where are the trades?

You're going for yourself, aren't you?
TB you've had 5 months to decide on a pick. Why do you need more time
/u/skepticismissurvival spelled Marioto's name wrong. Lord Goodell has spoken he shall be forever known as Marcus Marioto.
Dumb pick by Chicago. Couldn't do anything last year with an extremely talented wr corps, a good te, and a good rb. You need a line or some defense! 
NO TRADE
>mort looks like someone is holding a gun to him and telling him to be ~~cool~~ sober


Looks like?
Your wish is granted...by your team!
dolphins want every wide receiver in the league. 
Why does it take so long for the picks to be announced???
WTF????
Yeah should have gone to cal, damn you tosh
Watched Cooper all 3 years and went to Auburn game. He's going to be a dominant player don't worry
Who are the others?
Where da eagle fans at? Where u b? 
Bucks v. Titans is going to be a fun matchup to watch. 
4th 5th
I love it. Let the Incest Division clear the path for us. 
Seems like a reach. Will he play LB or Safety in the NFL?
We got off Mr. Kelly's Wild Ride
It gets better and better for me
Dafuq?
20 going on 50
Romo made it work
Dude, it was a joke. At times recently, everything that can go wrong has (schiano's last year for example), it helps to have a sense of humor about it. 
'Oh-ree-gun'?
I think they said 5th this year and 5th next year...
Agreed. Seems like a high price. Must've loved Gordon.
Jets or Browns for me.
Chip continues his pac 12 love affair. Great pick though. Great downfield threat to keep up the spacing.
Probably not but take this down.
Damn it!
The under bill of the Rams hat looks like a nasty sweat stain. 
Nope, signed with Tennesse. Wasn't quite as good as we hoped.
At least we didn't trade up for Mariota.
He's kind of a dick.
YES! BUD DUPREE UPVOTE PARTY!
No. They haven't, thank god
He struggled with a few nagging injuries and made a few ill timed mistakes, but I think if he can manage to stay healthy, he'll be a target that demands attention, which never hurts.
But at least it's not illegal off field concerns like smoking pot or domestic violence.
"Officals high in the the Titians organization were quoted as saying "My Germs"."
This is a shit pick for a no motor player who gives up quicker than French people in 1940z 
I wanna see how long this Niner trainwreck lasts.
lol commercial. fucking hell
Some folks follow the draft relentlessly, but most of us just talk out of our asses based on some article we have up in another window or something we saw on Twitter.
Zeirlein's top 100...it disappoints me.
"Leonard Williams is a steal at 3" 
GET ERECK'D, GIANTS
I'd commit seppuku. 
Boooo!!!
Yeah that sucks for you
3 if you count Peters.
Can do everything. Solid, dependable, all-around pick. Will allow Tannehill to spread the field.
You're being really anal about this aren't you?
Hmm, knowing the Raiders draft history, I'm inclined to believe you'll be dickless tomorrow. Sorry bud. 
I actually don't think they will grant the trade. If Mariota flames out, I can see TN going back to Met.
Probably. It's probably moot now anyway.
Wait all that to get Shane Ray? Not a different guard?
That's fucked up. smh
Wow... I can't believe that Armstead is a 1st round pick.
LOL Eagles fans!
And it sucks as one living in St Louis ALL the talk has been about how the o-line is the biggest liability for months now 
Holy shit, Leonard Williams to the Raiders might actually happen. 
whaaat? Would you really be comfortable with Fairley, Brockers, Donald, Quinn and Long? I didn't think so 
Well sucks that Baalke went predictable with another project player but at least we got some extra picks. Please, for the love of God, this decision pays off. 
MY FUCKING STREAM IS BEHIND THE ACTUAL SHIT fuck fuck fuck
The draft ended 6 rounds early this year
it was 50/50 everyone knew. 
Parker still on the board woo!
And I'm officially confused.
Ramirez can play Center as well.
So draws penalties? 
Chris Rock didn't want to high five him 
girl behind mariota is qt
I mean obviously this guy lol. I like it tho. He's already in the spirit of hating his new division rival. I already hate Brandon Scherff. Don't you feel your hate building for Williams? You do. Don't deny it. 
This lets us move Hyde full time to corner and still have 3 beast safeties and a capable backup in Richardson. I'm on board.
Not nearly enough Goodell boos. I thought Chicago wanted this?
meh
And Wilkerson, and Richardson, and Cameron Wake, and Mario Williams, and Jerry Hughes, and Marcell Dareus, and Kyle Williams.
FUCK FUCK FUCK
Andrew luck will end up very high on this list way faster than anyone should. 
100%> of crabs prefer him
Back when we were the Suck-aneers.
commish dropped a chitown on us 
I don't believe him
Better be. Raiders and Skins got a gift
and just like that, the Detroit Lions are now favorites to win the 2005 World Series...
Come on Giants fuck this up.
Jeff Fisher strikes in ways you don't expect.
Fuck you Chiefs :/
Are we all making the weed arguments for Ray to Denver? Who the fuck cares? 
what the lions get I missed it. 
Wait...so they are doing this in two locations?
Ahh gotcha, what a fucking shame.
http://i.imgur.com/tyQM8J7.jpg
GOOD LUCK MG3
A player to keep an eye on tonight is the ILB from South Central Louisiana State Bobby Boucher, he could be a mid-round steal

Ah well, I'm not the most eloquent.
[Ummm, Rams?](http://i.imgur.com/lU9ySUf.gif)
Yep, he has an opt out after this season.
###WHAT
WTF RAIDERS
The same way that last year's team was hypothetically incredible...
Fuck it, we are running 6 linemen every single fucking play. 
They will do it to us too as always.
Well, they nailed it.
Now hopefully one of the project high potential OTs reaches us in 2nd. 
I'm just going to guess whoever is on the clock is going to pick Leonard Williams until I'm right
And the division defenses are only getting better.
Good idea, but pumpkin seeds > sunflower seeds.
I really like him as well. I feel bad for Meatburger though. The Whiz has always been the man behind the curtain, which is a hall of fame QB. Mariota will fail there.
Might be you guys if your qb position goes south again.
who the fuck?
Whoa! 
He's going to look good in Los...San Diego. 
the longer they wait the less likely.
STL
If Brees can stay in the pocket for 5 seconds, someone will get open guaranteed

Also play action
HOLY FUCK. TAKE THE DEAL. FINAL ANSWER
I never realized how much Kiper looks like Quentin Tarantino.
I'm pretty sure it was never actually built, it's just still being built from when they originally designed it. That's why it has two functional lanes south, and one lane that's meant to induce sea sickness, to get you ready for the inevitable hurricane you encounter on the gulf.
Bridgewater was that guy for me last year, still pissed.
LEONARD WILLIAMS PLS FALL TO CLEVELAND 
He would have probably been picked before your spot anyways so it doesn't really help
I do live on the other side of the state from Philly it's true however if you listen enough you can actually hear the boos as it trudges across the Appalachians and reaches us here in Pittsburgh.
Well I was hoping for some drama, oh well
Was Cb even a need??
I thought it was pretty relevant since Chip and Belichick are pretty close... Hell Ozzie Newsome gets my vote for the best GM in the league. I was honestly just mentioning another coach/GM, would have mentioned Belichick regardless of which team he was coaching. ^^^^Except ^^^^for ^^^^the ^^^^Steelers... ^^^^I ^^^^fucking ^^^^hate ^^^^the ^^^^Steelers...
Maybe chili
Ooooh that'd be a good one
HE PRONOUNCED MARIOTA WRONG! THIS IS LITERALLY YOUR ONLY JOB! IT'S THE SECOND FUCKING PICK DUMBASS!
Well, that is surprising Jets fans not boooing.
How long have the raiders been on the clock now>
OMG those shoes were amazing. Props.
I like demarious randall, good pick up
1 cent on he quits reddit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHaL5VMwvIg
Surprise!
He was high on 49er boards too...
Damn. All the tackles are gooooone.
I love this pick. Carr finally has someone to throw to. Cooper is legit, he is such a good route runner and has great hands. You don't find WRs like him very often. 
Pats fan what do you expect.
How? We offload 17m in salary and we got better picks for a guy who hadn't played in 2 years
What the fuck
Traded ahead of the Cards for that? Really?
Good trade by SD. Someone was definitely going to trade with Houston for him. 
You know any good ones? 
What is so hard to understand? There were plenty of other players with better production that could also filled one of our needs, that's why everyone hates it
KC Joyner
Another WR for Cutler to overthrow.

Lol
WHY IS SHE WEARING GLOVES
Get ready to catch some fuckin' bombs Breshad!
I know my word means absolutely nothing, but I don't hate this pick, Washington.
Goodell has a Chinese sweat shop in the back
I guess we'll go Waynes or trade down then...I'll prefer the latter...
OH YEAH 














FLAIR BET
I do like the fact we get out from his contract with no escalators.
Between him and Cromartie I'm starting to wonder if people in San Diego are allergic to latex or something.
Wow, no trade.
because they are idiots
Give AP to Cleveland at 19
I AM SO DOWN FOR THAT.
WE DIDN'T GET BOOED
I've never felt any sort of way about the Raiders before, but I like this kid.
Raiders got the best player in the draft.
Well, now everyone and their fuckin mom is gonna be pulling for Gurley
I don't know if its stupider for the eagles offering all that or the titans turning it down
Jared Odrick on the interior, Alualu is going to be outside I think.

Edit: Accidentally put Randy Starks at first
Ugh, this is going to be one of those players where people ask, "How did the Steelers get this guy?"

Oh well, glad Miami isn't in the North. I hear they remember.
blue-balled
Man I'm nervous! Anyone think we take Dupree if he falls to us? 
[This one?](http://streamable.com/b46)
Ohhhh. Thought you were happy to be at 27. ha. 
Mike Rodak, a Patriots homer covers the Bills.
Three.
White will replace Marshall for probably 65% less.
I am so nervous with this pick eagle fans
His hair matches the jersey 
I want Gruden to talk more. 
Oh boy. Can't wait for Colin Cowherd to have a Cow about this tomorrow. At least Jameis is wearing his cap forward...
Shelton to the Browns is helluva steal
Shit. Shit shit shit shiiiiiiit.
First off, cap space is hardly an issue with draft picks under the new CBA, and we have about [$15 million in cap](http://overthecap.com/calculator/san-diego-chargers/) right now, which is a pretty sizeable amount of cap space open, even in NFL standards.

It's likely that Gordon was BPA on Telesco's board. There were some good names left (like Bud Dupree, who just got drafted by Pittsburgh), but Gordon is consistent and can be a home-run hitter for us. It's not nearly a dumb move, but we did take a slight risk on Gordon. I'm happy with the pick regardless.
Your move Titans.
Danny Shelton suspended for 2 games for picking up the Commissioner.
I really don't think I'll ever forget that moment. It goes down as one of my favorite sports experiences. The DJ putting it on again after the time out was an inspired move.
So sit him then? Who will be starter? Mett? Just seems like a waste of a #2 overall pick if you dont want the player you choose to have an immediate impact. 
Hey. LANDON Collins is still available.... 
Hahah 
i hear they like speed.
BIGGEST TITAN BANDWAGON FAN!!!!!! RIGHT HERE BABY!!! LET'S GO MARIOTA! LET'S GO DUCKS!!!
What a reach
Fun fact: I worked with this dude in high school.
So for all the downvotes I got saying Bradford would be the Eagles starting QB next season and that they weren't going to get Mariota...where you at?

Edit: Still getting downvotes because of the cocksuckers that believed the rumors. Fuck you bitches!!!!
This dude seems like a great person
Bulls are absolutely destroying the Bucks. Everything is right with the world again.
Just now lol
that guy doesn't know bout Iron Man Heyward. He's growing as a solid leader
Oh look, the entire Bucs fanbase showed up!
Can't be mad about this one. Hoping for another Big Vince is too much to ask but I'll take a Poor Man's version
now here comes the intrigue
"You get Geno Smith some help"

I suggest a QB to learn from
For what?
If the Eagles take Landon Collins, I will be so happy
Marioto is relieved to not be with Chip and Co. 
Everything I've heard about Perriman is that he has the physical size of a good WR, but just relies on his speed and athleticism. Can't really run routes all that well.

So like every other WR the Raven's have ever drafted. 
He has good value there, if they have him higher up on their board than I do it could be a good pick. I just see an extremely raw player who doesn't have incredible upside because of his size. 
High five on that dad joke
Only the ones he predicts correctly. So no.
Wow. We get it. People said we wouldn't draft him and we did. 
Even if Mack doesn't opt out, Erving could easily be an upgrade at RG or RT as well as adding solid depth at the O-line, of which we had none.
I have a feeling you guys might.
so, Erving or Agholor huh?
Why the fuck is everyone saying we don't have a qb?
Chip Kelly smokescreen, wanted Mettenberger, can now get him for a conditional late round pick and a smoothie
Carolina picks Shaq Thompson
Don't worry, you'll still see him play twice a season :)
Don't you dare jinx our predator. 
Dorsett BETTER be rookie of the year. 
With the 15th pick in the 2015 NFL Draft the San Diego Chargers select the city of Los Angeles to move to.
Genuine happiness? :(
making the jerseys
Cam Newton does 1t as well
seem like the Texans pulled a bluff move or something
Not sure, though. Great intangibles, definitely has 0 character issues. Could be a bit more elusive avoiding attackers...
We don't want black jerseys? We get black jerseys! We don't want Arik Armstead? We get Arik Armstead! Fucking shit off season, if this pattern keeps happening we should start saying we don't want to go 12-4!
That's not what penal means
I see Todd Gurley likes them white bitches
Got caught with pot.
THANK GOD. JETS YOU ARE OUR SAVIOR.
Ya'll are gonna get that SS that u all hate
Does anyone else feel like Kelly is using Mariota as a smoke screen for something even more crazy??
Good. He doesnt deserve to be fucked over for something like weed.

I dont even like the guy but nobody deserves to be crucified for pot. Fuck all the talking heads who said hed drop to the third.
SOMEONE DO SOMETHING EXCITING.


I blame Goodell


This first pick is taking longer than I thought it would 
HOW SHOULD I FEEL?!
Because I don't like what I saw in him. Very average player when someone like Kendricks who excells in coverages is available for ILB or even Owa who is extremely potent at at run defense is there. I do not like the pick at all with the other options available.
Raiders, you a busta.
Kinda small, gives up on run plays
Hmm.. over Perriman, Jones, Gregory ... don't like it. 
Fisher will never have enough RBs or DLs.
Lol Bucks. 

Go Bulls!
Jets pls pick Leonrard. Do not want him in the same division 
Oh my God I never have agreed so easily with a Packer fan. This is such a sweet blow to them after just last year missing out on Aaron Donald by one spot as well.
Devante Parker or Trae Waynes. 
The irony is real. 
Depends how highly you regard Ramirez. Myself? Meh...
Who do we want?
Draft Peat. Do it Jets. Wreak havoc.
You're right. I'll be back.
Same record as the Bucs so they alternate. Like usual.
This is an OT, not a DT.
I just looked at it.. Am i missing something?
Randy Gregory, Landon Collins, TJ Clemmings.
Marcus Peters... because he can't choke Andy Reid
Why is this being downvoted? It's been well noted that he does not posses elite top end speed. 
Honestly so far each pick makes sense. No big stretches outside of Gurley so far. Bud Dupree best position/player available now?
He needs time to adjust, hopefully the Titans don't throw him right into the mix.
Yeah sure, you guys got the other stud WR IMO.
My Xbox stream was about a minute behind NFL.com in the browser
Me undies, now in technicolor: https://soundcloud.com/billy-pie-crust-burr/nice-n-dry 
He's the black Hulk Hogan.
The fact that this pick makes you angry is my favorite part of it so far.
Nfl network has been great. Switch over to that from Espn 

Davis' replacement?
he been low key
Todd Gurley gives me hope that I can recover from my knee injury too.
Boom or Bust.
this is a horribly produced broadcast
Oh Tampa. There's a reason you're the Bucs. What a mess. Start scouting freshmen on College now for the next Bucs QB. 

Downvote away pirate flag bros. 
Clemson to Atlanta?
Man Boomer is in love with Gurley. 
No one smart will. Talent wise he's worth a top 10 pick. Some are concerned with the Rams O-Line is all.
Him and Vince McMahon switch roles, is there any difference?
I'm so distressed right now
Prediction: who ever the Rams pick will make them scary this year
A trade!
Good pick Atlanta
Clemmings here, I think. Or Fisher. 
Yeah, but Chip didn't cut off his foot and drop it so I'm kind of disappointed.
That guy is going to be good, I like the way he crushes the edge.
Melvin Gordon is always like that. Dude is a great guy. 
That pick definitely took *big balls*.
Yeah no doubt.
Jameis Winston has pubes on his chin .
Leonard Williams to the Raiders IT'S GOING TO HAPPEN
They make them on the spot. There's an article from a couple years back when they started doing it like this.
Yeah the 1st ever pick was Jesus in year 0
Hey cmon evil league of evil settle down
reach. the guy isn't a first round prospect. too much a tweener between Safety and OLB that doesnt have the athleticism to play safety or the size to play LB. TERRIBLE pick
I feel really bad for the 49ers. Armstead has no business being in the 1st round.
Rodgers took the Packers to the Super Bowl in 2009 too with a defense that gave up regular season yards like air but made up for it with interceptions galore. 
3 for 3 my dick is getting wet 
As a casual fan of the U, this guy is literally a T.Y. clone. Wonder if there's a chance Grigson has an offer on the table for T.Y. Could trade him before he has to resign him to a contract that actually plays. I don't know, this pick is pretty bizarre.
Seriously, I just bought this jersey last year. :/
that guy indy took
[MFW](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/006/077/so_good.png)
Better than /u/daaabears91. He never paid up on his piss drinking over in /r/hockey.
Obviously seems a stretch. He was the best player available. Last time we reached we wound up with Beorn Werner.
I had faith in Chip to do something crazy to get Mariota
I'm sure it'll be far more fun to do than watching this. Thankfully I have the Caps and Rangers game to watch.
Honestly: how do you have faith in Telesco after that trade? You said yourself it's too much. 
I swear to God if Brown has a BIG year and the Pats repeat. 
It's not like losing a pen.
Mhm. Yes. This is very enlightening. Thank you.
How are the people passing the spoilers getting their info?
BOOOOOOOOOOO
Wow, the Browns are having an excellent draft so far.
I hope the change in management is what the Oilers needed to succeed. They're gonna be so fun to watch 
Can the AFC east give up it's "kill Brady to win the division" strategy. It clearly didn't work last year.
I get the feeling that NFL is taking their deion level down due to his recent troubles for this draft. 
No way Falcons take Gurley
Mayock 3/3
WOAH Tampa Bay you didn't take forever!
Not Gordon. Not Gordon. Not Gordon...
LA Rams.. St Louis Rams. Close enough!

Now if Les Snead, Jeff and his son Trent, Tre Mason, and Greg Robinson can convince Malzahn to be part-time OC on Sundays, I may get an erection that lasts more than four hours.
Wahoo. Leonard come to papa
If that trade offer was true I don't think I would be a happy Titans fan.
jerry rice also, if you want to split hairs
Wooohoooo!!!
Randy Gregory and Landon Collins for starters
In no way is that indicative of how dedicated those players would be.
I AM SO HAPPY
Very nice pick for Pettine and the Browns
Fuck yeah. Great pick Jets. 
It was never alive 
...
http://www.thebackyardbanter.com/2015-nfl-draft-wide-receiver-rankings.html

I've been following this guy on twitter for a while, enjoyable reads. Had Perriman at 8, Strong at 13. Biggest knock on Strong is his shit route running.
Holy fucking shit, talk about offering the farm.
Lions traded pick to DEN.... o.O
>And the Bears have just won the superbowl

^^^^^Lol
Colts pick WR Phillip Dorsett
Come on Bucs!! Let's not mess this up!!
rly ted
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck
Draft picks are everything for a team. A 5th, 6th, or 7th round pick may not seem like much to the fans, but they have the potential to reap great rewards if you select the right player. A team isn't willing to take a chance on a player that may never step foot on the field. 
Manny isn't getting younger. Plus we suffered all year with Oline injuries and had no depth. That is now fixed.
Wow, this pick really jumps out at me
No trade Farmer, plx!
[Hiyo!](http://www.hiyoooo.com/)
i think cowboys wanted him too and could have traded up
He looks so happy to be a bolt :D.

And that hat looks sexy as fuck on him.
Come on Shane Ray, please fall to 35. I dont care if you smoke a little weed, just don't do it during the season
What happens to Winston in 3rd season tho? 
Fuck these guys talking shit about Beasley not giving it his all

That is bullshit. I watched him for the past 2 years outwork everyone
He is reporting chip said this, not that he didnt. 
How about drop percentage? The most targeted receiver will naturally often have the most drops.
Uhh what 
Pick in. If Beasley isn't on this paper things will be thrown
BUC HER RIGHT IN THE PUSSY
Mariota rather hang out with Hawaii bitches than Goodell
"Gruden, get that goddamn pen out of my face"
About your dead brother...
The Bears are actually going to get Leonard Williams at #7. Holy fuck.
The chip Kelly rule implemented next year. No jumping out of curtains and drafting marioto 
Call it the Annexation of San Francisco formation
He became a Rams fan in anticipation of them drafting RGIII but had his hopes dashed when they traded back. Being the good fan that he is, though, he stuck with them.
Jokes on you, this is what we need. 
Ultimate boom or bust, ugh I'd rather go with a safer pick...

Mo, Sheldon, Snacks and Williams 

plsplsplspslplsplspls
At least he's got a sense of humor about it then. I'm looking at you Zach!
colts drafting a wr lol
LOL, Goodell getting booed
As he should. He didn't look bad at all last year, it was good enough to start in a handful of teams
Which is sad in a way that he's had to tackle so many times. Running backs just automatically make it to our second level.
Let's not forget Dez either.
I can't see this ending too well
The Broncos went Tim Watley in the draft. 
Nah Al would've taken Breshad Perriman
How's the dick?
We have one guy with 6 games experience at ILB. So yes, ILB was the need but not a single linebacker had gone yet, and Randall will be converting to CB. 
2 liter mountain dew 
Packers fan here. Love to see all the Packers draft nerd know it alls freaking out right now.

Pitchforks for sale!


Hahahaha......

Great pick IMO.
lol way too early for Flowers IMO
Spoilers from https://mobile.twitter.com/MySportsUpdate
Browns phobia for 1st round WRs continues. 
Raiders fans on suicide watch
And incest 

And creating pass rush defenses to kill Tom Brady
Surely I was being literal
Leonard is sad :'( 
I thought he was gonna go to the Fins, but Brees must be protected.
Crab Legs is a pirate!
Ybor City almost killed me.
Your comment makes no sense, are you saying that you want ~~Cooper~~ Collins and were just outraged about all the mocks that predicted him to Philly for no reason?
GO BOLTS!
A step, really.
No, she is fertile. Any dude can have 8 kids. One woman having 8 kids with one man though...
How does he fit into their 3-4 scheme? 
There's something in the water here in Pensacola to have so many players go to the nfl
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
That's my hope. Who's our ss now?
I love it! 
$$$
Sorry to disappoint.
How do you work as the NFL COMMISSIONER and not know how to pronounce Mariota? You could watch ESPN/NFL Network for 5 minutes and know that...
It calms him down. Keeps him from killing Kiper
Give us da drama
I'm just here for the 49ers fans P.O.'ed because all I've seen the past two weeks is people hating that everyone kept mocking him to them...
Mel looks like he is tired of Gruden 
He's a UFA at this point, doubt anyone picks him up though.
Takes a transcendent prospect to take teams as bad as TN and TB to playoffs. Drafting a QB 1-2 that isn't Andrew Luck level will set you back 5 years. The damage control is embarrassing right now. 
Just in Amari Cooper retires from the NFL 
Pats go 19-0
Boooooooooo
I made a promise to myself that I was gonna hype the shit out of whoever we chose

Parker has 1500 yards next year. Book it
All Rhodes lead to Wayne's World...? 


....there's something there guys.
Fuck....
WHOAH
Why does Gruden keep acting like Waynes was a horrible tackler? He was fine certainly not bad.
you and i both
Will it still say "pick is in" even if there is a trade??
Well, there you go.
What? The? Fuck? 
Can still develop then move him out, but I agree, he will start out inside
Happy for Cam. As FSUGameDay just tweeted, he came to FSU as a 3 star defensive tackle, unranked nationally, and left as a 1st round pick on the OL.
Niiiice!
Chris Berman may actually die up there.
bowles picture looked like it was computer generated 
Oh jesus christ.
I'm just here for Mort's inevitable on air stroke.
WTF THIS D LINE. 
yah he was in high school. 
Got you tagged as Dance Commander now. I fully support this nickname.
Wha- hey we're happy with our pick okay!?
I'm really excited for the 4th and 5th round picks San Diego gave us. That gives us 3 chances to stock our practice squad.
4th this year and 5th next year. Seems like a lot for someone who probably wasn't going at 15 or 16, but there's a reason I'm not a GM of a NFL team...
Least we still have the farm.
We'll give you Mariota for Wilkshake and your next 3 firsts.
Holy crap these picks are coming fast
Read the fine print, only the first hour
Cooper's highlight video is my favorite. His athleticism is insane. I hope he and Carr do well next year.
Thank god.
They apparently think it's concentration drops, and not issues with his hands, which should be more fixable. 
RG3 is so happy right now.
Point 2 is a good one, but we are not going to move our best offensive lineman away from left tackle
Cardinals should do something. DE is our need
Wow this pick feels to take an eternity 
Did fowler almost say fuck? 
Oh my god that sign gave me an aneurysm 
Nah, why do you think purebred dogs have so many health problems? It's the same thing.
They'll figure it out at camp. I wouldn't be surprised if we did that though.
Is it Williams for sure?
Nonsense, we take them on the 7th round. 
OH SHIT 
Good pick for the Vikings.
Good pick? 
There's no point in getting 5000 passing yards a season when you give up 5000 rushing yards
Congrats Jets!
The Cowboys have been nuts over Byron. If they don't take him I'll be floored.
MOTHER FUCKER I WANTED HIM
thats our game
THEY BOTH PLAY THE FUCKING 5-TECH.

Fucking QUINTON COPLES IS A 5-tech too, and we had to move him to linebacker. 
Ahhh... I see. 
HAHAHHAH THANK YOU JAGS OMG
Where's Goddell where's Godde-

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*
That's a large human being.
Lol that was great.
Don't speak too soon. His knees still need to survive preseason. 
Oh big shock there Sorry Zach 
I don't know!!!!!
WHOEVER GETS LEONARD WILLIAMS WILL GET A STEEAALL
Jets can let Wilkerson walk next year if he wants too much $$ now, should be a good pick
> than even Rexy

[You shut your whore mouth!](http://christopherirvin.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/rex-grossman-fuck-it-im-going-deep.jpg)
How the dick does the commissioner of the league mispronounce the most talked about prospect? Has he even been following the NFL?
Marks is coming off an ACL tear, will probably miss a few games, but you are correct, we are weaker off the edge by far than down the middle.
Bears about score 28 ppg while giving up 30 ppg. Bear Down!
#WHAT DAY IS IT?

#HUMP DAY
Dewayne Robertson?
As a Panthers and Gamecocks diehard, watching the Falcons draft a Clemson guy made me want to vomit
Yeah I assumed y'all would get a DT for sure
That's... excellent. Amazing first round for the Browns.
[YES YES YES] (http://i.imgur.com/ZnmWVPc.gif)
How about everyone drafts defense so the Cowboys can get one of Gurley/Gordon. 

Please
Thank god the Chargers moved up, not like the Texans have Arrian Foster or anything.
After everything, isn't boring the craziest thing that could've happened?

John Fox is a defense guy, and respected. Chances are that side of the ball well see improvement.
We were so close.
JJ Watt: Target Acquired.
Our track record with risky ACL's makes me real nervous. 

But on the upside we have a real RB for the first time in a while that has some support with him. Zac Stacy went from promising to "meh" pretty fast. And I never personally loved Mason either.

Edit: Wrote hastily and some stuff was unclear. Cleaned it up a little.
Ya i agree. Plus I dont think there is really a pick you would take tlthat would screw with us.
JJ Watt better be in the Top 3 on the 100 best players list
First place I looked when this pick was made. I'm happy.
My lions gf: "We did all that for a GUARD? This is why I drink! I literally cant" 

*slams beer*
God dammit.
Godammit Pats why does everything work fir them
The BUCS pick Roman Reigns
80% of Texas is in our team name.

Edit: 100%
Day 1 starter? Literally everyone calls him a project.

2.5 sacks last year and terrible against the run. Day 1 starter? Keep dreaming.
Dilfer talking shit about about Mariota. If he only knew anything about quarterbacks...
He'll probably be converted to CB. Honestly, he'll be just another guy going by TT's first round history.
I had to flip the channel, it was giving me cancer. 
Yep. Get your eyes checked.
Should be good, him going up against Cobb or Adams. That should be a pretty good secondary, with Rhodes opposite him. Damn Vikings, why couldn't yall still have qb questions?
We're transitioning Casey outside. Just hope it works.
Kevin white is going to be a blast during future press releases. 
"The Rams haven't had a feature back since Dickerson" - Gruden

Umm, that Steven Jackson guy wasn't bad


WE ALMOST HAD SHANE RAY!!!!
THOSE LIONS AND BRONCOS FUCKED US
Milking that clock for all its worth
Thats the one
With all their corners

I bet their D plays 4-2

Over half the time
She must be moist.
It's time
Best girlfriend so far. Wow!
I WANNA SEE TRADES
I kept wondering why they were showing camera shots of Chicago when the draft is in New York.

I'm not a smart man.
Looks like that Saints' fan's balls will live to see another draft.
Vic "The Doorman" Beasley

Parker?
Mormons drink the blood of those who move to Utah. It keeps them young in the face.
VOLUNTARY workouts. We couldn't get a contract extension with him so it looks like we trade him or he'll be a free agent next year.
They keep seeing "nowhere to go but up" and I do think they could just keep being shitty.
420
ted got burned taking jerel worthy a few years ago, he's not making that mistake ever again. he went with need that pick instead of taking the bpa on his board. i like this kind of draft better.
Whoa whoa whoa
Yes I did.
I like you, you have good ideas
For sure, but that's half the fun :).

If you're looking for tameness, go during the day. Its very quiet. 
People didn't know where Mariota would end up whereas Winston was the near-consensus #1 pick.

Mariota is also a better person.
Chris Berman flipped shit
Any reason why? My college / draft knowledge is terrible.
We will be the only team in the NFCS with an o line
Why is Kiper harping on Stanford games...? seriously.. 
Baby faced mouth breather.

lol
hahaha mel kiper getting cut off.
Well Falcons will get a passrusher. Just really don't want Bud Dupree..
Very true. I was thinking they mighta taken one of the runners there. 
Of course not, you play more than one at the same time.
Stacy is the new LG, Cunningham is the new RG. Chill, we're fine. Still have Gurley/Mason in the backfield. Now we've got a hell of a sweep game with our pulling guards and we can run the fumblerooski 2-3 times a game...
Well that was interesting 
Gurley sounds like Mike Tyson talking. 
we have tre mason, but no line, so like lets draft another running back, that makes sense. 
Pam Beesly it is.
That was the most badass pre-snap movement I have ever seen.
He isn't draft elligible, too young
Jets fans trying how to figure out how to boo and cheer at the same time
YES...not really 
Just pick one way or the other and overreact
Shouldn't this be a mod message?
Please.
So who do the Titans trade the #2 pick to?

They been talking so much it has to happen right? I say SD 
Holy shit that dude looks like he's having the time of his life. Uncontrollable happiness. 
With 18 other running backs. Good luck getting playing time. 
Gordon heading to San Diego I presume
Me too.
Danny Shelton seems like a really good guy, and that's why I'm rooting for him. He also was a machine at UW.

D. Shelton[(CLE)](/r/browns): Lead FBS in Fumble recoveries 
Chip Kelly's heart is broken
Holy shit the Jets front 7 is gonna be even more crazy!
Mariodo*

Spell it right god damnit
Everybody wanted the craziness of a big trade.
lol nice bears helmet bro
I miss when the Lions didn't have a good team :(
This is the second consecutive year the Bears got fucked out of an elite DT by one pick. Just saying..,
HAPPY JETS FANS AT THE DRAFT?

###THE END IS NEIGH!!!!
he's not that good in coverage. Look at GB's pick that's where the NFL is headed.
The picks are SOOOO backed up 
Well yes, we did trade for Ngata, but we still haven't replaced Fairley. I will consider Tyrunn Walker a replacement for CJ Mosley. 
Milking the teat almost as bad as Comcast
Great corner, needs to tackle better.
Guess they didn't like Tre, didn't see that one coming
Jaguars and Raiders are all about that tasty Williams now.
Should just shave his head
FUCK LIFE!
two good picks there by the browns. should be a good game against them this year
So many people will be irrationally upset over this picture.
HOLY SHIT! Definitely did not see that coming
I'm a Clemson alum and lifelong Falcon too. Yeah...I flipped out when the pick came in. Can't freaking wait to see big Vic in a Falcon uniform. now Kroy can go make reality TV shows instead of trying to make tackles. 
On the bright side, more defense for us to pick from.
In TT WE Trust
I can't wait to see Shazier be let loose. I could deal without Mike Adams though, actually met him when I was going to OSU and dude was a giant asshole. 
Fucking lucky jets I guess 
It has happened very year since 2011. [He acknowledged it then](http://sports.espn.go.com/nfl/draft2011/news/story?id=6445458), but I don't think he has since. Just takes in on the chin. $40 mil a year makes it pretty easy.
Good decision, Raiders.
Twatter
Nah.
That's an OK pick. I'm not in love with it, but I don't hate. I honestly don't know a whole lot about Agholor, so I'll have to trust Chip on this one.
Waynes. 
At first I read that as, "Rams RB Todd Gurley, after the selection of RB Melvin Gordon, plans to ask the team for his release or to be traded, per league source" and was like, "DAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN."
I kinda like the music, it's better than I'm the Man playing 69 times
They bring him out back, put him down, then send the body back to Denver, where they will cremate him and roll him in a big blunt.
Can we fast forward 17 picks?
admit it, you have tee shirts already printed.
Bastards
Well he's going to be training with dez. I think he will turn out alright.

The ghost of Al Davis just phoned in the pick
Welp, we all knew that was coming
He can't pronounce the name, wow...
Anyone have a mirror or something?

It's been deleted.
He'll be intercepting Aaron Rodgers, though. ;)
This is the ESPN thread..There's a different thread for the NFL network.
It is interesting. I like a lot of what Randall has to offer. There were still some good players on the board though.
This is easy Grigson. You take the big nasty in Brown or you take Collins. Don't overthink this.
He didn't look too pleased 
Going back to the greatest state in the US
Jones, Easley, Brown, Nink

Collins, Mayo, Hightower 

The 4-3 is calling our name. 
Gotta be white right?
Andrus Peat? More like Andrus "Sucks at Football" Peat!

I'm working on it...
Yeah, he will be a beast for years, would have helped Mack fo sho. But Cooper gives Carr a weapon with a work ethic that rivals his own, so this should be fun. 


Nothing he did in college deserved it. It's the equivalent of drafting a Euro in the NBA and hoping he improves. Not a good 1st rounder.,
OH SHIT WHAT
You'll never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy
the complaint wasn't scheme fit, it was that he's way too raw for a 1st round pick.
Gotta love that the draft is presented by Bose yet the top two picks stay home and are "very product placement-y" wearing ... you guessed it BEATS by DRE. 

For those of you wondering why the both stayed at home...
I'd be excited, I'm pissed off that you guys just doomed the Texans to having the worst QB in the division for a decade and that we have ownership who thinks that QB play just doesn't matter.
AJ Hawk clone I hope
He Wins(a)ton
Jets taking it down to the wire!
I really thought it was going to be Parker. 
lol can't wait to laugh at all the sheeple that believed Eagles would take Mariota. Bradford is their QB next year.
Like Kelvin or Ealy last year, or Kuechly when we had Beason, or how Cam was supposed to bust.

Lets give this a little time.
That's....a lot
It'll probably be a rotation of hyde and hayward whoever shows up
This is what we all said in years past. I trust in our front office. 
I will never get tired of hearing the crowd booooooo Goodell.
His longest sentence was 8 words, there was no thesaurus abuse, and he misspelled guess. This is just stupid. 
This is very great insight, I wonder if anyone else will be able to put two and two together. 
Unbeknownst to many fans, Cutler is in charge of the defense and special teams. And catering. 
La Canfora hinted at the Cowboys taking Gregory 
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL. Typical Redskins
I would go 2-14 if those 2 were wins against you guys.
The ghost of Al Davis showed up and made the pick.
Has Anyone Really Been Far Even as Decided to Use Even Go Want to do Look More Like?

[I think you and I are destined to do this forever](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dtFIjaD5hA#t=23s)
That line is not even fair.
Flair relevant. 
That girl behind Mariota doesn't seem to have any idea he's like 3 feet away
FUCKING CALLED IT http://www.reddit.com/r/falcons/comments/34gm7o/2015_nfl_draft_live_discussion_thread/cquhsmw
Colts to Texans: "Fuck yo secondary"
Alex Flannigan is in San Diego ^Alex ^Flannigan ^is ^in ^San ^Diego 
We don't want spoilers or bullshit news. Either way, take it to another thread.
Lebeau is no longer there
Melvin Gordon with the Chargers. 
How the fuck did he mess that name up?
Why wouldn't kids want to wear the shirt of a 2x Super Bowl champ? I mean it's not like he's Philip rivers who hasn't won shit in his life
But we will in a couple years which is generally how long it takes for a wr to develop.
You had your chance, and we thank you for not taking it.
You may want to switch threads. This one is for spoilers. 
Please, sweet baby Bill, take Eddie Goldman
Don't forget Maurice Clarett.
Exactly. This was Petersen in his first season showing that no one is above team rules - not even the "star" players.
You can tell errybody
You trade the guy who missed workouts
There it is again, more O-line. How do you tell between tackles/guards/centers? Wasn't Scherff projected as a guard?
I've been all about Gordon since about mid season, and got a lot of shit by chargers fans on our sub for it. Regardless, I'm extremely pumped for this pick, this is exactly what I wanted to happen, and had hoped would happen, love it.
Shit, I was starting to think Reese was going after Scherff.
Am I crazy or wouldn't you guys still consider Wilson a pocket passer? He usually doesn't run unless it's absolutely necessary. 
http://i.imgur.com/4LBQB89.gif
Carr and Winston
COME ONNNNNNNNNNN LANDON COLLINS!!!
Its safe to cuss in the internet...
Of practices. We'll see if we can repeat this season
what the hell is wrong with goodell. he fucks up every name every year 
Do I have to refresh to see the pick when it happens or will that thing in the middle refresh on its own?

Do you run that Twitter account, you've talked about it a lot tonight
I heard the theater is so old, jesus once gave a ted talk in it. 
> you give up 5000 rushing yards

to blount between 2 games
only problem i would have with it if i were a skins fan is that you probably could have traded down and still gotten him
Titans are in the cellar for a reason
Man, I love how this draft is playing out for the Colts thus far. 

Brown, Gregory, Collins, Kendricks... 
SOMEBODY PLEASE TELL ME HOW TO FEEL
BPA. Trust in the GettleMAN.
This just means Kelly has to go crazy at other points in the draft.
Ohhh that D-line banderas.gif
I can't believe he keeps getting drafted
Can't think of a good cromartie joke. 
OMG A TRADE
C'mon Chip, pull off something insane
Damn, NYG is in! 
But can Shelton help take the Browns to the Super Bowl?
huh
Fuck baseball
I know the jets need to trade the pick but also I want this guy because fuck the dline arms race in the afc east
I believe they play each other week 1

2013, he was solid. 2014 he was balls.
This guys twitter background...
Yes! He's not going to the Redskins!

Fuck! We play the AFCE this year!
How is this commercial free, ESPN? You just played commercials.
I think Parker is better but hey. 
Why? Obviously they are not giving up on RG3, why not get some people to protect him so he can work on his pocket presence. I could see this working out. 
Probably trying to work out a trade.
I know! I'd rather keep Mo. I don't know what they're doing.
I already like the guy. Absolutely on fleek
Yeah we pretty much had Jones in the bag at #52. HE WAS RIGHT IN OUR GRASP. /s
Just checked. It is real. Now 88-44. What an ass beating
Damn I'd rather have had Scherff. I guess we're going to trade down at this point, the 4 key picks we'd have liked are gone.
Bad move Tampa Bay
ROGER HURRY UP PLS
Oh yeah. I caught that too.
And Ford, and (a healthy) Rudolph
TIL everyone went to high school with Laken.
Nice Pick up
Its kind of funny he got drafted to Denver, of all places
Schefty was right! This is a surprise!
2 time super bowl champ? I doubt it.
Zimmer knows how to get the most out of DBs, and he hand selected this one, I'm going to have faith. 
"and with the fifth pick of the 2015 NFL draft, the Washington Redskins... pass. Dan Snyder doesn't want to pay a first round pick."
I like to picture Chip just hanging out in the rafters in Chicago like Sting back in 90's WCW. Just looking out at the crowd, dangling an old shoe by the lace in the air, waiting. When the spotlight hits and it's time--the descent will be majestic.
His interview was so impressive. Hearing him talk about how he wants to become a doctor to go back to Jamaica and fix their healthcare system was just awesome, especially as a pre-med myself.
"I won't mortgage the future." - Chip Kelly
alright Eagles please pick Landon Collins
The guy we took
I didn't realize there have been two thousand and fifteen NFL drafts.


Sounds like he belongs on Justified or something.
WR was a need for Miami I just didn't think it was an urgent need but with Gurley gone and no OL worth taking it was the best value sadly.

I would have loved Corner but we'll see what Miami does tomorrow.
The gay buttsex scene. You guys are talking about "Jack's Magic Bean Cock" right?
Fowler!
Wait wtf happened to picks 15 and 16
Shoulder issues supposedly causing Williams to slip
Stores really stop selling liquor after certain hours? God, that is depressing. I love Nevada.
No worries, man! Just wanted to remind ya!
At least it's not a waffle.
Alright Eagles, you're on the clock.
Good pick. I trust Ted
Kind of surprised Perriman went in the 1st
You know besides Joe Haden.
Cooper? I'll take it.
I've been more adamant about the Titans drafting Mariota than probably just about anyone else...even I think they're insane to pass that up.
Hahahah there's no way the worst pick was Armstead. You have to be kidding me. He was mostly hated by /r/49ers (including myself) and then by extension hated by /r/NFL. All draft "experts" predicted that he was going to us at 15. Not only did we get the pick, but we got 2 extra picks from the Chargers. For you to say he was the worst pick sounds like wishful thinking from a Seahawks fan.
But I watching the clippers spurs game while refreshing new. Everything was the next draft pick til now! :(
3:51am and I am feeling the tiredness 
Lol they won't trade up to a RB 
Not saying you can't win some games with lesser QBs, but if you want to compete for Superbowls you need a franchise guy. Almost nobody can do it consistantly without one, you can count on one hand the teams that were good enough to get it done without.
No, no it's not.
looked at Twitter too? Damn, wanted to be surprised....
PICK IS IN!

Hate to say it but a good pick for the skins
Who's angry? 
Possibly good pick.
According to the blogs I've read, in this situation the Jets trade down with the Saints.
My interest level has plateaued. I knew odds were nothing happened, but I wanted some drama dammit
How many WRs do you guys need? Jesus...
We're open for business boys!
Gimme that dick!
BRESHAD PERRIMAN, Central Florida (6-2, 212, 4.27, 1-2): His father, Brett, caught 525 passes in a 10-year career spent mostly with Detroit. He was 5-9, 180. "Totally different from his dad," one scout said. "His dad was really quick. This guy is bigger. You don't see the speed he ran. This guy doesn't run routes. He has a rough time against press because he's not quick and he's tight. I see a straight-line speed guy." Third-year junior with 115 catches for 2,243 (19.5) and 16 TDs. "He plays fast, he plays big and I like him," a third scout said. "It's a little surprising given the dad that he's not a better route runner." Two-year starter from Lithonia, Ga. "Hands were very iffy this year," said a fourth scout. "He has a big up side but obviously a lower floor because he has inconsistencies catching. He really just hasn't put it all together yet."
THANK GOD HE DIDN'T GO TO THE BEARS
Said elsewhere: The Chargers are not the only team with the option to trade up. Any RB needy team could have traded up.
Is that a small quarterback, or a very large man?
*shudders* it's not popcorn when you're the victim
You guyz need to zimmer down on theze zeeeeez
Someone said a shoulder injury.
Shit. They said CLUTCH. I have to take a drink.
*"Marioto"*
Woah!! 
You'll remember the name from now on... Kid is a beast
Carolina pressure still gonna come for ya. Peat Can't contain the Krake... Oh. 1 sec. Luuuuuuuuuuuuke
If you can't defend balls deep, then you're definitely sucking.
Who? 
No the one where she asked Shelton about his dead brother... His face instantly turned... shit was fucked up.
Wait what? Damnit
He might be the most delusional backup I've ever seen
Seriously wtf?
right, but if we can't get a WR1, then why don't we trade back for someone like Strong or wait until the second for someone like Waller
thats awesome because so many people on this sub constantly shit on Mcshay and take anything mayock says to be 100% truth
i don't know if Chris Berman or anyone at ESPN can tell, but the scree clearly says the PICK IS IN. They should shut up.
wow what an insensitive manipulative question. wtf espn

I'd suck them titties 
Snip snip
"I want to have your abortion"
I thought they could pick anytime, they just don't have priority anymore? 
Mistin' for Winston
Because most 'fans' think our secondary was garbage before Revis came along

It wasn't great but it was amazing in the redzone. And it's still better than '11-'13
No you guys need to draft a kicker next round. Let him sit and learn behind Matt Bryant. Trust me.
Our qb's could possibly not die this season!!
Hey man, Pats fans got it hard.
Well trade him to you for the right price...
He's a lifelong Falcons fan. Absolutely ecstatic right now, WE GOT HIM!!!!!
No way it's TE. We drafted Witten's replacement (not that he'll ever need one...ever) in the 2nd round two drafts ago. Gavin Escobar. It will be defense. DE or CB with LB as a less likely option. 
Hey guys is Alex Flanagan in San Diego for us??
Don't worry bro you'll get it eventually
LEONARD WILLIAAAAAMSSSSZ
Originally it was for trading up for mariota
We needed a safety, a linebacker, a second corner, a right tackle, and a defensive end over a third receiver.
Marioto really?
Yes, keep drafting offensive players everyone else.
My thoughts exactly. How many times have we seen these types of picks not work out. No support structure. 
dont convince us chip, convince the alleged players that were offered up in that fire sale. you have to work with those guys this season. although i suspect at least two of them will be gone before the season starts. 
DREAM TEAM!
I don't know if the bet is for comments in the NFL subreddit only, or all of reddit, but you may want to save this haiku to a notepad on your desktop. I have a feeling you'll be saying it a lot the next two weeks.
From the depository.
ugh, some people are /r/eagles were actually hoping that trade would go through. I can't believe that shit, they really want to trade away Cox+Kendricks for one player..
I am sorry......
Shit man he's the consensus #2 pick in the draft and you're gonna pronounce it Mari-oto?
Marsellas Wallace is gonna throw this kid off a roof for touching Mia's feet.
Because its in the NFL charter that we get nothing nice
SOMEBODY BANKRUPT THEIR FRANCHISE 
It is a pretty cool name. 
I thought the liked Blue?
Man, these guys have some fuckin BINDERS.
LOLOLOL SKINS
Nothing compared to how hard he sucked off Johnny Manziel last year.
Hats off to the man for a science major eand juggling college football for an NFL career, but "Pre-med" is basically just bio and a couple of chem courses. You can apply to any medical school with any major as long as you fulfill the pre-reqs. Not to take anything away from him-- it's a tough major ( I know, I'm headed to medical school this fall) but it isn't really medically related anymore than a bio or chem major.
Yeah? What about being on his back because his interior guards are still fucking awful? Is that not an excuse anymore?
except for danny shelton.
Holy crap, I cannot believe the Jags didn't take Williams.
Tud Pls
I'm a sad old man....
4.37 40-Yard Dash...That's fucking fast.
Awesome, that works. Shout out for paying up so quickly, although I was kind of disappointed the #2 pick was so boring
Might end up playing safety? 
Awe that's the best you got?
No the new rules that would have made have made guys like Deion Sanders mediocre in press coverage 
its weird seeing your name without the wild flair.


LGW!
As a Miami Hurricanes fan, he is not worthy of a first round pick. He played so badly every game they played in the cold (exaggeration, idk the numbers). Colts play in the warmest division and have 2 domes. I like the pick here.
I believe in Mallett!
But much, much smaller than your mom!

Fucken got em!
I was totally ready to "settle" for him around 16 when I was counting the leftover guys.
Steven Stamkos..? 
I don't know, when I was his age and I had that kind of money...Yeesh...The damage I would do...
More than one!
Waste of 10 minutes incoming. They won't trade the pick and they know who they want so what are they waiting for ? Colts offering Andrew Luck ?
Eisen, Jesus. Did someone from New York break your heart once?
Maracus Maldonado
Armstead's athleticism is better suited to right tackle anyway, where he can be pulled more for screens and outside runs. Someone less athletic but with better fundamental blocking will be better for Drew's blind side. 
Titans enjoy your bounty.
This seems stupid. They have Tre Mason. Tre Mason was good! What are they doing. 
Ugh FUCK - a Ravens fan
All y'all Raiders fans complaining: you are banned from buying any Cooper gear once he becomes a stud.
HE'S ALIVE
Shazier and Dupree! NOT FAIR
Who's that? 
Snape kills Dumbledore
RIP Indominus_Rekt's Tampa flair
Thats due to the societal climate in this nation being so full of race baiting in this day and age. But yeah, the comparison is due to the two individuals behavioral attributes. 
NHL Update



Washington | NY Rangers | Period
---|---|----
1 | 0 | 3rd 18:40

In the NFL, nothing is given; everything is earned. 

I may be in the minority here, but shit like this makes it look like he's afraid to compete. 

If that's the case, if I'm a GM, I don't want him anyway. 
I am so sorry Niners. You have had a worse offseason than any other team. I mean... wow.
I am the gateway you.
Well this is getting removed in a few seconds
I think you mean "off the field."
This
Hey you got the big boy. Nice pick. 
Ybor is tons of fun, although a bit trashy. He'll definitely enjoy himself there.
Please give us Gurley. But probably Trae Waynes.
....and it still looks terrible for his agent to leak this literally minutes after the Titans drafted Mariota. I understand the logic. As I said, it happens frequently..........it's just usually done behind the closed door of a GM's office so the player doesn't look like he has no confidence in his skill and believes he's not good enough to compete against the rookie.

That said, whomever the best QB is going to be starting. This year, next year, the year after. The team is not going to look at Mett and say, "damn he's fucking great. he's outplaying the shit out of Mariota. It's a damn shame we have to start Mariota because we drafted him this year instead of last year." Look at Manziel.....look at Tebow. where your drafted doesn't mean you're automatically going to be given the job. It just means they have that much faith you will develop into a great player. If it turns out you don't and the other guy is just plain better than you, you're a bust riding the pine while that other guy starts. 
I can't believe Peters will go before Jones...
yaaaaassssssss
OROY: Gurley

DROY: Shelton
Good pick I think
COMMERCIAL FREE MY ASS
I'd give it one more year. The Chargers and Broncos will probably have fallen off and the Chiefs will probably still be average
We got everyone's back on that, don't you worry.
I hate you.

Still.
Heh.
they need it to keep up with NFC north WRs...

I think you're probably right. Per Jimmy Johnson's value chart, a 5th-rounder is worth ~1/10 what a 1st-rounder is, and a 7th-rounder is worth another 1/10 of that. He'd have to look pretty guilty for that not to be worth it. But no team needs that stigma, and the NFL itself has virtually nothing to gain from rolling those dice.
Yay Duke!
Jim Irsay supposedly did this with Andrew Luck
Huh, actually a little bit surprised at that one!
I think I'm turning into a black republican I'm so pissed. I'm royally pissed.
Is Mel Kiper really trying to fool us into thinking he doesn't already know the Steelers are taking Dupree?
Steal for San Fran. Moved down two spots and got a 4th and 5th. But why did the Chargers need to jump in front of *Houston*? Arian Foster and Alfred Blue? Were they really going to go Gordon? Or maybe they are shopping that pick
the London Jags are now on the clock
jesus, if they let leo fall though their fingers...
The ballz on dis guy ova heah. 
Why is he falling so far? I though he was a lock to go early 1st 
I'm glad someone else was pleased with this pick. The draft thread on the Bears subreddit seemed downright suicidal that we didn't go defense.
Pleasedon'tfuckthisup pleasedon'tfuckthisup pleasedon'tfuckthisup.
Vikings 
Browns are killing it so far!
It's roughly the same defense, but that defense was also ravaged by injuries last year too.

>if you try to put those same players together and hope for a drastically better outcome

I'm not. I'm saying I have trouble believing they can be *that* bad next year. That was a historically bad defense last year. And it didn't surprise me, because I'm still scratching my head for why they picked Mel Tucker to be the DC to begin with.

Then you have a proven defensive minded coach in Fox, and a DC like Fangio, it's hard to imagine that it won't improve. It's a bit early to tell, but it feels like going from Lovie/Marinelli, to Trestman/Tucker, back to Lovie/Marinelli.

>which brings us back to the point that it's odd that the 7th overall pick was used to patch the hole from giving Marshall away for peanuts when you shouldn't have, when that pick could have made a huge impact on defense.

It's just taking the best thing on the board. I mean that doesn't even really surprise me much, you lose a big name receiver, you pick up a new one. Marshall was getting old and only had like two years left anyway, and there were lots of talks of him being a locker room cancer. Might as well start fresh.

But that was undoubtedly picking the best thing on the board. If Williams is still there, they pick him. Hell if Mariota is there, they pick him
I legitimately have no fucking idea what the Rams will do here......
Kid was tearing up during his interview. Man I love the Draft. I hope he has one hell of a career.
Judging by that highlight reel Fowler is really good when he is completely unblocked 
Top d line in the league
And the Tannehill. 
Rams taking Gurley so high is probably the closest thing to a 'terrible' pick so far. 
Y'all hear that?

It's going CHOO CHOO.
That is absolutely what it was. Sark had little discipline. Coach Pete runs a tight ship. Peters should have figured that out sooner, and he deserves criticism for that because they gave him multiple warnings, but way more has been made of it than the situation deserves.
You too, mate. Good luck to the Bills.
Holy shit.
Yeah, but why couldn't they have made it 1.5 ounces, or even 40 grams. 35 just seems random.
Sorry Berman, no one from Hawaii is going to Nashville for any reason.
We feel you cheese bro
Thanks jets...for keeping a shitty offense. 
Chiraq man
.............there's no good reason for Dallas to do that.
So now theres a 3rd condition that is different from the first two? What happened to that discussion? For as scatterbrained as you are it seems odd you are calling other people retarded.
Woooooooooo Duke! 
Protecting the QB and establishing a force in the run game. Bright side skins fans, bright side.
JAGS PLS PASS ON WILLIAMS
You guys went to high school together
I agree, young Big Ben is a great comparison to Winston.
*Just be cool, Rog, you got this. Do your job, act happy, and nobody can complain*

"Marcus Marioto"


*FUCK*
Let's go TD! Make the right pick!
uhhh 
More like Goodell took his sweet ass time
I started thinking the Jags were gonna do something stupid and draft a WR. I'm glad they went with Fowler, I think it's a great pick. He's gonna be really good in a couple years.
That's Mac Daddy to you son. 
Why? Wonder what they're looking for.
He's a terrific tackle prospect. 6th overall on my board. You got value.
I'll suck yo dick!
Jets got the overall best player in the draft at 6 imo.
Thank you! I appreciate it, but I really mean it
Hell yea the Odyssey! That place has a spaceship on it. My first and best experience in a real spaceship. 
> my god...

I think that's the cause. Catholics gonna Catholic.
They're trying to adjust his speech processor... dude has been batting .500 on these kids' last names.
We got shit on for trading up for Watkins. I'm dying to know what they paid to get White.
They said he is. That shit is going to get old fast.
Beasley please
~~Bourne~~ Williams Legacy
Jets please please please draft Williams I don't want him coming after Rodgers. Plus it'd really get Chi-town booing.
It has to be Kevin White, right?
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
Looks like you guys are grabbing Melvin Gordon?
doesnt fit our scheme
The pick is in
or lolravens....all dem dropped passes.
Wow so original
[Zeirlein's top 10..](http://gfycat.com/IllegalMilkyBurro)
What happened to wanting tall WRs?
http://www.nfl.com/draft/2015/live?icampaign=Draft_Live_Home_popout_prior
At 32? Fuck yeah. I kind of wanted Gregory more but no way can I be unhappy about this. 
Wait, we're trading? What will we get?
Ummmmm. Mr. Faulk would like a word with both of you.
Drink every time someone on the broadcast says "this kid"
I'm so humble I don't like talking bout my big dick
Melvin Gordon is so awesome. 
Right now, the entire town of Philly is on suicide watch.

Does Chip fucking do it?
These commercial breaks are killing me.
OMG THEY PASSED OVER WILLIAMS WHAT
Right?

I mean you can tell simply by the haircut.
I loved the way David Stern embraced that hate. 
He be loved forever just for saying it.
Finally happy I have NFL NETWORK for once 
Marcus is slumping in his chair! No leadership, dropping out of the first round.
According to [this](http://leanblitzconsulting.com/2012/04/nfl-draft-player-names-on-jerseys/) you are right 
Gordon hope we didn't give up a lot. 
Time to start eating that candy.
if you think the FAMAS is overpowered go ahead and thumbs up this video right below, if you think the FAMAS is underpowered go ahead and thumbs up this video right below it helps me out a lot
There goes Williams...
YES!!!!
That awkward moment when the Pats were actually trying to draft Malcolm Brown

Wow they were really paranoid about Houston taking him for some reason.
lmao was that just one Saints fan? It was extremely quiet!
Ray sounds high right now
Our biggest weaknesses last year were injury and coaching. We got damn fine coaches and an incredible strength and conditioning program. We had an 8-8 team on paper last year, but a lot of things didn't go our way. 
I don't know if Kam is as quick as Shaq. Kam had a slightly faster 40-yard dash, but Shaq had a faster 40-yard shuttle and three cone drill. His broad jump was also an inch farther.

Kam was only 3 lbs heavier than Shaq coming out of college, so his size doesn't mean much right now. But I think there's more than enough evidence to suggest Shaq is as fast, as quick, possibly even *quicker*, than Chancellor. But Kam is an all-Pro. I'm not suggesting Shaq is remotely that player....yet. I think the Panthers FO is thinking he has the potential to be, though.
Trent waited to see if Parker was going to stay on the board and once the pick went in pulled the trigger on the trade. 
Sources being?
I think they're going to go with Danny Shelton! But, my gut is saying Kevin White.
Hah!
Jealous.
PUTIN TO INVADE OAKLAND CONFIRMED.
No, he's fucking awesome. I'd love to get him.
This some game of Thrones shit. 
Back off you fuckin urchins 
If they Jets get Williams does that mean that Wilkerson is now surely on the block?
Me too! BUT In Ted we trust
So does everyone else. You have to make sacrifices to be great.
Traded
The NFL draft.
Because the big board is made by Mel Kiper, not anyone who knows what they are talking about.
Williams' fro on point. Goddamn
Dorial Green-Beckham
Yes. He is accomplished. What does he offer in talent evaluation? I haven't found a reason to NOT ignore him up to this point.
The commies took down the Nazis mostly, but America almost single handedly won the pacific theatre, and played a huge role in Europe no doubt. But I'm not talking about things your great grandparents did, I'm meant that attitude is why America's stock has fallen so much since the 50s. You're resting on your laurels.
You are so embarrassing, dad. 
Booing Goodell savage
so much for all the trade talk
I hate when they have good picks.
BOLD PREDICTIONS: Mariota goes first, Winston goes in the sixth round, Jets trade up to get Tebow
I'll say at least 3 teams do. 
Ohhhhh, thank you. 
AARON RODGERS REMAINS ON THE TEAM
That's such a Bungles moment it's not even funny.
I did NOT see this coming
Well it is only 8:10!
WILDCARD.
I'm worried that Chip is going to trade just for fun now. Give you like 3 firsts and a second and Bradford back. Because wild card.
Oakland selects... Darius Heyward-Bey... wait...
plz based Rams, be our popcorn savior 
And the dumpster fire continues
I'm disappointed too. I was rooting for them to trade away their franchise and follow Washington right to the bottom of the league. 
They don't play the same position. Humphries would take the place of Massie. Who knows what happenes with Cooper, but this isn't exactly a direct replacement.
Yep. Didn't realize it was the S&C coach. That's a little out of line. Hell, even if he just told scouts that when they asked, but don't put it out for the public.
[Get ready AFC East](http://i.imgur.com/tHfOEXG.gif)
I never did that. Mariota isn't Chip Kelley's bitch. He'll do just find in Tennessee.
Damnit...
True. I doubt Seattle is complaining about what they got in return though. Buffalo on the other hand...
Watching the draft at bdubs, they announced dante fowler as the person who guessed correctly.
After all this they still get their guy lol
Great Pick period.
ESPN's showing the ad about Melvin Gordon possible being the first RB picked...after Gurley was selected to the Rams.
Me too. DGB.
THEY'RE ALL 4-3 TACKLES THOUGH. 
It's all about needs. The Lions needed OL, but the OTs were off the board and the OGs weren't worth taking at #23. So our options were:

- Taking Laken at #23
- Taking Laken, two 5ths, and Ramirez at #28

It might have been a good trade for Denver as well (IDK their roster situation), but for the Lions this was a ridiculously good move. Ideal really.
Did Mayock just drop the F bomb?
Dat winston face
Way too good a pick to boo
Chicago pizza ain't pizza.
Was Kendricks a reach here? Woulda thought for sure he'd be the pick.
SHOE DROP.
What's up?
I want the Seahawks to take him.


Ware, Miller... Ray? Holy shit that passrush
Uh oh........
He went to high school with me, and that is a spot on pronunciation.
It's also 1/3 of the crowd that can fit in Radio City Music Hall
Gay. Now we all have blue balls.
Goodell really is arrogant. His only purpose tonight is to stand there, smile and announce picks. There's only 10 minutes in between each pick, he can stand behind a curtain waiting. He has his own minions who can coach specific players to do whatever. Screw Goodell
That chin though
Dupree/Jones
lolbrowns
WHAT THE FUCK GOODELL! HOW DO YOU FUCK UP HIS NAME.
Close enough
The only issue is that pot roast is only on a 1 year deal. People who think all our D-Line problems are fixed because of this off-season are nuts. Williams would have anchored the D-Line for the next 10 years. I don't dislike the pick, but its hard to enjoy it when Williams was still on the board. 
Holy shit. Jags and Raiders wastin no time.
Welp, looks like the Jets defense is going to have more TDs than their offense.
I like the kid, but niners fans hate him so lol
Hey, you got Foles.
Eh there is no way to tell at this point. Some guys really pick it up in the NFL even though they had issues in college.
Mel Kiper about to explode.
Gman doesn't want the ignorance on the team
Thanks brah but I don't have a computer either lol
Well I was wrong 
fuckin' jets fans man.
Woooo okay good pick. Filling a need.
They still have foster in houston, right? I am stoked we jumped up to get a starter because we were seriously lacking in the backfield. We needed it more, but you wonder if we really needed to trade up, and did Houston have a big enough need at RB that it was worth a 1st round pick?
"I'm a great guy, I'm humble..."
Brocker. Or Brower, or Flowers. Whatever his name is.
Reid was always willing to give guys with character issues a pass and work with them. Chip not so much. Each has their advantages
He's a professional, humble, has production in college, all around good player very few negatives in his game. Reggie got the guy he wanted
Jerry Jones - Killer of all your hopes & dreams since 1990. 
Mother fucker pronounced Mariota and Oregon wrong
"USC" is a funny way to spell Oregon.
It's what we do. We could go winless and we would still manage to send someone decent to the pros. 
Browns have another first round pick to grab a QB dont worry
Libertarians win the oval office
Losing a hometown hero is hard. I hope Bowles comes to his changes to a 4-3,Kacy Rodgers(our DC) ran it last year in Miami.
Honestly why not trade Williams and get a player and milk more draft picks out of it?
So when do we get back in the first round?
To the Pack!
Don't forget Austin, who I assume will be higher on the depth chart than Cooper.
I'm all for Defense but why not take a WR or some offensive weapon? Surely the Jets remember how pitiful they were on offense last year
Dorsett or Strong in the second bby!
Why don't they immediately announce picks
I don't understand your question 
super awkward beats plug
We probably should have drafted a center in the top 20 instead. 
http://i.imgur.com/2tEzX5A.gif
fuck i wanted the trae
Must really want Gordon
Florida boy is still a Florida boy.
Just here for the marijuana and Colorado jokes
Not sure I agree. I was hoping the Cowboys would take him after listening to the Cowboys Draftshow where for weeks they've talked about this guy. Not just a freak athlete but that helps.
Ain't nobody want your running backs ESPN 
Ugh. Gurley is going to stay in shitty ass Georgia isn't he.
Aren't the Broncos switching to a 3-4 this year? What position will this guy play and how do y'all think the Broncos will situate him, Miller, and Ware?
All the damage is under the clothes.
Agholor family congratulations just made me happy
I don't know much about him, but I love how he's the only Malcom I know that spells his name phonetically 
Emperor Thaurassichick.
Mariota decided to stay home in Hawaii. And Winston's g-ma couldn't travel so he stayed in Alabama. 
Telekinesis, bitch.
Super disappointed for Mariota. 
no one likes this commerical nfl 
Nice. NFCE jumping on the o-line bandwagon
To be fair, that pick was a joke.
EVERYBODY IS A WIDE RECEIVER! Irsay's "wild range" tactic is playing out this year. 
why is this a normal thread but the nfl network one is a live thread? also is espn online?
Coming up next, Raiders fans either break out in cheers, or break down crying.
TFB
I love those creamsicle uniforms.
Nice
We got a flying goat maggle!
Pats always trade down so I'm sure they will trade down 2 spots with the bucs and get mccoy and david along with a 2016 first.
Thomas Davis just announced his future replacement. 
I WANT DRAMA. I WANT TRADES.
Yessss 
Yeah, that was inexcusable. 
Can we avoid posting Twitter spoilers here before they show up?
Not feeling this Giants pick tbh.
>~~Cutler~~ whoever the quarterback will be at any point in the next few years has some WEAPONS

Think bigger
So out of curiosity, what would happen if he failed that physical?

The Broncos already used the pick.
Although production doesn't equal success in the NFL all the time, it is a definite question mark. That being said Tomsula should turn him into a beast.
Honestly, I wouldn't count Chip out of still trying to deal for him.
Should not have entered the thread.
I'm saying that if you stayed off reddit, you would probably not consider Armstead the worst pick in the 1st round. THE ONLY reason people are hating the pick here is because 49ers fans have been complaining that he was being mocked to us.


DON'T CUT YOURSELF ON THAT EDGE
Can't believe the NFL is still using that shitty fandom hopping family commercial.
NINERS PLEASE TRADE UP AND GET PARKER
HAHAHAHA

GOT HIM...oh wait..
GOD BLESS YOU TENNESSEE, GOD BLESS YOU.
You can't turn down once a decade talent like that IMO. 
everyone *Remembers the Titans*

**STRONG SIDE**
I'm so happy right now!
What do Broncos do? Defense I'm assuming
are we sure that perriman isnt 35? 
He can play both 
I just want a pass rush, it's all I ask for. 
This is precisely the way people reacted to the Reggie Wayne pick (at #30) back in the day. 

Best Player Available
Are you high?
What about Pugh?
Think the Giants would have gotten him a few spots later. Would have been great to get more picks, but I think it's a great selection.
A little late for that now.
two ty hiltons
I was expecting trades
First Teddy and now Parker... Ouch
sounds like how I felt when the Pats signed Revis lol
65
I'M SO MAD
Ty based Jets
Shelton
I would just like to point out that Waynes was born in Wisconsin, played college in Michigan, was drafted by Minnesota, in Chicago. He is the NFC North.
The Vikings are trading back, book it.
I would rather drive a rusty nail through my ballsack
and then you have to throw to a secondary of Revis and Cro... Jesus
Seemed like it all just hit Jameis right in the middle of that interview. Pretty cool.
Could Malcolm Brown actually fall to Dallas? Probably not, but we'll see. 
Ah I wanted him on day 2 :( 
But good player for GB
dont worry, they have another 1st round pick
/r/tsunderecommissioners
i can't believe we let LW get past us
Gruden has taken off and put back on his glasses about 20 times already
Damn, Jenning, Landry, Stills, and Parker isn't bad at all at WR.

NICE TRY BITCH HE'S YOUR PROBLEM NOW
Nah. Ariz pick.
got em
and wherever he is, can he stay there? permanently?
[**@Ravens**](https://twitter.com/Ravens/)

> [2015-05-01 02:43 UTC](https://twitter.com/Ravens/status/593968859264192512)

> It's almost time...

> \#InOzzieWeTrust

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

> Had an unsuccessful stint in 2012 as a minor-league outfielder.

This is an understatement. He had 39 at-bats, struck out 37 times, and batted .000.
"Browns haven't made the playoffs since 1994" -nfl ticker


f'real and he just gives off a father that's there for his kids vibe.

Also one who wears embarrassing sweaters and just doesn't give a fuck about the fact his 5 year old is embarrassed as hell. 
I guess it was more of a drop but he looks pissed. 
She busts out some pretty good pop every couple of years, yeah, but mostly she's just sitting around at home on her giant piles of money.
jesus this cameraman SUCKS
well he has a good qb so I'm sure he'll be fine
DGB DGB DGB DGB

DGB DGB DGB DGB

DGB DGB DGB DGB
Hopefully you guys don't break him. Kind of want to see him do semi-well.
BUT HURRDURR LOOK HOW SPECIAL I AM REPEATING THE SAME THING 50 OTHER PEOPLE HAVE ALREADY SAID
We just went through a bad breakup. So we are doing some cutting and wearing black now. 
Too bad she's a horrible interviewer.
More physical Maclin? 
Every time there's an old spice ad I wonder if I accidentally tripped acid
WHERE ARE THE TRADES?
He had some long runs when our O-line blew open the occasional big hole. Gurley is the best RB prospect of the last 3 years. He can make things happen
So confused taking this RBs so early 
Uh okay San Diego.
I kind of feel like Mayock has forgotten where he is like seven times.
LMFAO, hahahahahahaha
This has a full body pic of Kaepernick in the all black. 

I'm a Niner faithful.... I usually LOVE black alts... I want to like these, but I just... no. 

http://ftw.usatoday.com/2015/04/49ers-new-black-uniforms-ugly-alternate
Ugh poor Andrew
hopefully he breaks the Wisconsin runningback thing
Just like the billion other trade reports before now, I highly doubt this shit.
Passing on what the Eagles supposedly offered is equally silly. 
A great double F* You to the Saints! Haha
Not ideal position. But talent is there 
Hell yeah, great pick!
God I love breaks
Wonder how all these fucking runningbacks are going to fair behind our shit O Line
Yeah maybe jimmy can get more Tds this year.........wait
Ive spotted a Gators fan
oops
Can the Titans still shop MM after they pick him -- if they can, I still think Chip will end up with him tonight. 
What in the fuck? 
If the rumors of what Eagles are offering for #2 are true, you HAVE to take that deal TN. 

How could you not?
That's how you react to your team picking someone. 
How do you fuck that up.


BENGAL BABIES DON'T MAKE ANY SENSE!!!!
And one of the best LTs in the league, if not the best. 
It was really nice not listening to commercials for a while. Oh well, all good things come to an end. 
I guess it was only just a dream... But Dupree + Gurley/Gordon would have been awesome. I love Fowler though, super happy that we got him. At best, we can get double-digit sacks. At worse, he's at least a competitor that can stop the run and disrupt the QB. Chris Clemons will help him quite a bit.
They're picking White.
Damn I wanted BB to shape him into some weird hybrid. 
Goodell needs to take after Stern and embrace the boos. 
> Brady sack, strip, fumble, 

They'd probably just decide to put the Tuck Rule in effect for that game only. Let's be real.
He knows he is going to the browns.
"And as Danny took his large, muscular hands and inserted the cone, I became orgasmic"
okwiththis.jpg
Building his own football team
what happened? My cable cut out
A Panthers fan talking shit? That's gotta be on my BINGO card...
What? Every Dolphins fan wanted Parker.
He hasn't seen our offensive line
Tom Brady patting Garoppolo, saying, "This year's all you, kid."
rip
Marpet, Day II
Denzel Perriman image? Someone's getting fired.
How far will Ray fall?
welp looks like the Titans will keep their pick.
Nashville is cool place eh?
Noooooooooo
That's true.

I'm exhausted and half asleep, so things aren't totally clicking right now. But I'm watching this until the end.
No spoilers. I am not on twitter or shit. It's pretty obvious from team visits and the interest from our team.
Literally everything on defense is a bigger need than this. And running back. And tackle. I can't even right now.
i think he might be from jamaica 
Yes, but Will McClay.
Given enough time, I could probably list off the top of my head most of the 1st round QBs with over 100 NFL touchdowns. That said, no way would I have guessed that Chad freaking Pennington was one of them. 
He is just so passionate about the game, he's like a teacher who really loves their subject. 
I know. I was adding more people to the list. 
Do not hate us for sucking....Haters going hate.
I'm wondering how probable this is. Obviously it's a *possibility*, but this does not happen terribly often. If we said no to such a (supposedly) humongous offer at the time, we would be silly to say no now. Whiz and Webster are afraid for their jobs, so I don't think they'll deal Mariota, their game-changer, before the trade deadline because they don't seem to be very concerned about the future past this year.
Things not said in 30 years for 200, Alex
Some pretty good company too. He was one of my favorite players in the draft and I wanted Minnesota to pick him up, but I'm pretty happy with Waynes.
I'm so sorry
No team is willing to touch a player that is connected to a murder case.
3 more picks until I can go to bed.
CALLED IT
They also seem to forget what the term "mobile quarterback" means.

Seriously, guys. Let's remember that Cam is about the size of a linebacker and he does this thing with his legs where he moves around a bunch. You all act like Peyton Manning's back there without a line. 
That was the quietest reaction ever.
I can't stand Boomer lately, plus ESPN pretends that they predict things

Yes... keep selecting DB's not named Byron...
Both Richardson and Wilkerson play the 5 tech. 
You'll probably see the Jets run more 4/3 looks 

Richardson Williams Wilkerson Coples. 

Fuck you NYJ
"Nut cutting time" .... what?
StacedGod and AndreEllington4eva on the same team?! I don't think I could handle that.
Mariota should have just gone to Chicago if he was gonna sit at a table with a bunch of people and look terrified.
they have a Home Depot thing in the UK called B and Q. These UK commercials are like looking into another dimension 
Por que no los dos? 
Who? The end of this draft has been so wtf...I hope Packers don't follow that trend
WE. WANT. WILLIAMS
Can we sticky these main 4 threads? 
If he's dead, the Panthers can pay him a lot less than if he were alive. They're just taking care of their cap.

scherff and his trex arms. really though i wouldve liked either of them so im ok with this pick. in reese we trust
[Phillip Rivers wifes vagina](http://i.imgur.com/83kSX3B.gif)
Alex Flanagan is in San Diego
If you like counting stats and don't understand opportunity cost, you're gonna like Melvin Gordon. 
The real story here.
Could not have done better. Addressed our two biggest needs by far. Just need one more pass catcher and I'll be very satisfied.
Crab legs for all!
hate us cause they aint us.
Todd ""Don't Call Me Zach "Fuck Me" Lavine" "Zach "Fuck Me" Lavine"" Gurley
It's a transliteration, so it could go either way, I guess. 
Protect RG3. Good pick.
Yes! I just go over and hit the mute button twice to fic that lol.
Why in the WORLD would you bring up the death of his brother in the happiest moment of his young life? 
The Jets booed the shit out of their pick.
LET'S GET IT ON YALL
This guy has bust written all over him.
Only the Skins
Viking's with the GOAT announcement noise. 
NFCS QBs: [Best](https://ioneblackamericaweb.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/cam-newton-ap.jpg?w=660) [smiles](http://www.elevenwarriors.com/sites/default/files/styles/904x490/public/c/2014/04/35408_h.jpg,qitok=PPNLvzSp.pagespeed.ce.kAZqhWcWqV.jpg) [in the](http://a.dilcdn.com/bl/wp-content/uploads/sites/8/2012/03/DrewBrees.jpg) [NFL.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BJwrbzMCIAEAZXC.jpg)
Leonard Williams here?

Good luck ~~Mariota~~ Bradford
Definitely not dedicated to the fans, that's for sure.
Well you can always try to uproot them, but that kills the babby.
RIP CAM
I...don't even know how I could...? Isn't it just rumor/speculation before the commish announces it...?
Another player with acl problems just what rams want!
Wat
He seemed a little nervous on camera, I expect players to all be like Sherman for some reason.
The general thread is where all the tweet speculation is going on.
jesus christ man, they don't even have their jerseys yet
Thank fuck!
Calm down. They are going to sit on him until whatever round they can get in exchange for him in addition to other compensation.

Hoping anyone else with a lower pick offers something better.

Or they legitimately want him and then philly never had a shot anyways.
Dank meme bro, now piss off
**IT'S JEFFERY NOT JEFFERIES YOU UNCULTURED SHIT**
EAGLES IN PERIL EAGLES IN PERIL EAGLES IN PERIL 
How the fuck is trading up for a 1st round RB good value?
Strong as Andre's replacement makes ALOT of sense actually. thats who I thought they were gonna end up taking at 16
The Chip Kelly way is WAY too kinky for me, man.
SKOL!
Jaelen Strong had better drop to us, all the good corners are gone
Do you think his brothers name is Aerp Waynes
I think you might be trying to be funny but you just explained BAP. Minus the caps and exclamation points that could be exactly what TT was thinking.
RB at 10? Some franchises just can't get out of their own way. 
Shit.

I am bad at math.
Well that was fast
if the jets draft kevin white... leonard williams to the bears confirmed.

fuck
Up until like a month ago he was my #1. I am pumped to have him in the silver and black, but just surprised we passed on Williams. It's nice to (hopefully) have a solid #1 WR, though, that'll open up the rest of the draft to fill other needs / go BPA. 
He would be a top 3 pick if it weren't for his off-the-field mess.
I'm just trying to ease his worries is all.
PFF has been against Leonard Williams for awhile now saying he is overrated. I personally agree he shouldnt have been a top 5 pick, and NFL teams seem to agree.
well draft over guys everyone go home
The Steelers shade of gold looks good with black... not 49er gold. 
"Congrats to Amiri Cooper"
I'm glad we get Dupree instead of Parker TBH
Dumb not to take it.
Welp, we ran out of shoes.
Thank you. We are about to take the league by storm.
Please be crazy as always browns, PLEASE 
FUCK THAT
Melvin Gordon will be a monster in the NFL
I'm not sure how to break this to you...
I bet this is the only reason Ted chose him. 

"I mean I know we need like three ILBs, I KNOW THAT, but we can't pass this up!"
Usually we're BPA, so I think the Giants must have seen something special in him.
[BOW DOWN TO YOUR OVERLORD!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TS9Hq4bdFY0)
Buy a vowel?
DONT YOU PUT THAT EVIL ON ME
I meant that they'd make up for it in some way.
A lot of us are torn between Williams and Cooper. Neither are bad picks, both are great actually. It's just that Williams being a Raiders fan, and technically the best player in the draft, there's a lot of us that wanted Williams more. 
you've just changed the entire narrative of this draft for me. Thank you.
I've never been happier to give an upvote
good news boys we didnt trade fletcher cox or mychal kendricks for an unsure product 
Ereck Fowler
Hey, Costner, si'down!
Time is dwindling for the jets
HEY I did it twice. I think. I'm drunk.

At least I changed up the gifs come on. I actually have a little thing wrote for every pick I think it's going to happen. When something surprises me I do the mind blown thingy.
I hope he's 5/5. 
3rd. I think he was talking about first round picks though. 
Thankfully we got two additions to our Oline. 
Reid is pretty good at handling players with character concerns.
Gotta defend Gaines here. He would've been a solid player in the league if it hadn't been for tragedy. 
Inb4 Kevin White
no clue what the Browns will do..how do you Browns fans do it every year?
R/NFL and Twitter are going to lose their shits.
Gruden called it 
Adjust quickly? They put their pick in with tons of time on the clock. 
You're in the spoiler thread you turd.
IROC Hype is real. 
Every 9ers fan will be livid here...
look at those beats by dre headphones lmao 
Who y'all thinking?
It was funny seeing Silver being booed right out of the gate too. Tradition continues.
TODD TODD TODD TODD TODD TODD TODD TODD TODD TODD TODD TODD
Someone in the other thread said the Texans wanted him? Which I don't know makes sense. 
Lou-uh-vull
Three WR on best available. I would be content with a stud WR.
HOLY SHITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT MARIOTA 
Good good...
Yet :)
Sure, send us your first and second rounders for this year and next year. Call it the reverschel.
Ayy lmao.

I was sweating hard on the Baltimore pick.
It feels weird to say that for Oakland haha
#FOUR WINS 2020
Him, Humphries, or Dupree would be fine with me. 
We just re signed Louis Murphy to a 3 year deal, he's been a solid 3rd stringer for us
Yep imo it's just not worth it unless you guys think he's the next calvin johnson
Idk that's just a little too sad for this situation
AHAHAHAHAHAHAH
He was so bad
That's hilarious lol.
Do not let Williams fall to the Bears jets! 
I'd like to state that neither of your predictions were right. You drafted a DE, not ILB.
Rams will be picking in top five next year
Hahaha Booing the Jets after the J-E-T-S chant. I love it
Omg it's finally here. This has been the worst wait. Let's fucking do this. Go Bears. 
Or Gregory. 
I thought they were saying Mariota was the #1 pick lol
Honestly it didn't even matter who we took(No QB), it's just nice to have a first round draft pick.
Skol!
Maybe they thought Houston wanted him. If that's the case, thank you SD!
Get off the computer, Joe.
The Vikes and Jets both make sensible decisions? What is this.
He looked sad.
Danny Shelton is from the University of Washington, not Utah, Gruden.
Let's gooo
People real reaching for Oline in this draft
thanks man gl to the cards , out of all the teams in the division the cards are definitely my least hated 
Stop it Melvin, your joyfulness makes me jealous.
I think they have the jerseys ready and all they need to do is press the name on the back when the pick is called
Strief is on the way out, i like the pick. 
YOU CAN HAVE HIM
So, anyone notice that the #19 pick thread has been deleted?
I've never actually seen that commercial before. Only heard about it.

That was pretty dumb
Except with 1st round picks :P
I'm so excited for the jags. They may become my new AFC team
ERECKT
Well... The is /r/nfl and not /r/food but... Well, yeah. Upvote. 
Fowler or Williams?
[hhhhhmmmmmWHHHHAAAAAAT](http://persephonemagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/chappelle-lil-jon-hhhwhat.gif)
Redskins needed an OL badly
Great pick. I am very excited to see him play in our defense. 
Hey, I just met you

And this is crazy

But here's my number

How about Cox, Kendricks, and seven years of 1st round picks?
I know its a highlight reel, but some of those blocks they showed were fucking incredible
It's the Undertaker!
Commence Gruden coaching rumors.
Yeah I'd say so
Ah ok
That chick in the back is fine af
Marcus Mariotto
They look like the [bears throwbacks](http://i.imgur.com/Rx6lAZ7.jpg) with 2 fewer stripes and the brightness turned down a bit.
The Carr/Cooper connection will be known as AC/DC
Don't worry, based Flacco will make this a solid pick.
How many beers have you had
i think context is important. chip kelly's quote was "big people beat up little people". he wasnt trying to say he will only take tall WR's but that he wanted his players to meet a certain size/speed threshold for each position. so as an example, the eagles are not likely to take a small corner high in the draft because the eagles play press man and so they want guys that are 6 ft and run in the 4.4 range. in follow up press conferences, he's said this is a guiding philosophy and there are exceptions to the rule if a player is exceptional/elite in an area. so if there is a corner that's 5' 10 and he's got elite speed/vertical and can play press man then he would be in consideration
BRYCE PETTY
FUCK THAT GOODELL GUY
As long as he doesn't take any pre week one selfies he'll be fine. 
Don't say I didn't say I didn't warn you.
well...i doubt your genes would help
They just lost Suh. Is Malcom Brown a fit for Detroit? It almost has to be.
Spoilers thread dude
Maybe he'll refuse to sign!
If ESPN was smart they fire Keyshawn Johnson tomorrow and add Louis Riddick to pre-game show
No thanks :(
Haha get fucked 
Welcome to the Jets, Williams-son
R
.................

I do not enjoy your company right now, Lobo...
Poor guy. It's ok they will be drafting another QB in 3 years
2nd snow bunny alert 
Broncos fans, is he any good?
"2015th NFL Draft"
He was consistently mocked in the top 10.

i'm not crazy about it but my god is this circlejerk out of control
Me too man, me too :(
[Solid trade, the 49ers get a 4th and a 6th to move back 2 spots](http://t.co/bsyWw26NXZ)
Sorry... :(
Same here, I love the Bucks.
Calling it now, Mett is gonna go to another team and become a Super Bowl winning QB before Titans get to the SB.
as many times as the situation calls for
The Saints pick who?
Very soothing. He can do voice-overs for mediation vids after his NFL career is over. 
shouldve traded the pick

why pick a quaterback who plays almost identical to vince young?
Fucking Goodell, you had one job and now that poor kid has to deal with your shit.
If any Chargers fans aren't ok with it tell them they're morons
That Saints fan they showed has no idea who Stephone Anthony is.
DOMO Arigato MR MARIOTTO 

DOMO

DOMO

Lol wut? Source?
In the ESPN thread? Probs not.
He looked sad to me.
It's an HD stream. It's just got some fun things you can snap to while watching, like instantly bringing up the draft ticker to browse on the side while still watching the TV coverage. Plus, I can watch the draft without having cable!
saw that coming 
He normally fine but you can tell how his commentary changes after he learns about the pick. He has to make a comment knowing the right answer and it seems like he's uncomfortable doing it 
It's already started
A DT projected to go undrafted
http://optimumscouting.com/rankings/static-rankings/dt-rankings.html
Can someone get me the GIFof the beginning when Bermsn introduced Gruden and Gruden had the weird look on his face? Lmao 
That white haired grandma was thirsty to get on tv.
Huge gamble: Gurley here.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

AND I FUCKING MEAN IT WE DONT NEED WILLIAMS
Dorsett isn't going to help them stop the run
CB Byron Jones
Your prayer has been answered
Once again focusing completely on offense, even though this is a deep offensive draft....
Once you sign them, yes.
"Someone take Bud Dupree, for the love of God!" -NFL Network
was that a reach?
Jay Cutler has more picks than this entire draft
they were really high on something alright.
Verizon: The only place where phones work^TM


 We'll trade up for him before that happens. You already took our Smith..
Dante Fowler jr, prom king from Florida. 
Jesus fuck Christmas 
and reddit running everything into the ground
I don't like the injury history and I wanted Gregory, but if this pans out, our offensive line will be awesome. 
I THOUGHT THIS WAS GOING TO BE THE SHERMAN DISAPPOINTMENT GIF AND I WAS BUMMED WHEN IT WASN'T. PATS FANS ARE REALLY GOOD AT MAKING ME SAD.
huh. odd would be a word I would use to describe that.
I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so scared...
There ya go /u/NFL_Mod 
Don't worry, Cutler is still here :)
10 min if the Iggles are the ones who trade for it.
Poop
Anyone else just see Winston taking a phone call? Definitely going #1
[God, could you imagine?](https://bestepisodeever.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/labf04a.jpg)
Week 1 

Tampa vs Tennessee 

Winston vs Mariota??
I'm torn. I either want brown or collins.
Yeah, but we got additional draft picks plus Manny Ramirez. Indy just got Dorsett.
lots of mouths to feed
The prince now ripping off the bride's arm.
You've obviously never watched him actually play and are just buying into Gruden and Kiper's bullshit. Vic is a straight up beast.
I have a feeling he won't have a lot of issues on the field. As long as he stays out of trouble, the sky is the limit.
Did he just call him Marioto?
#BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!

An I too late?
Please don't pick Parker please don't pick Parker please don't pick Parker. 
#Kevin White's teeth like they were drawn by Jim Davis in a Garfield comic.
Wtf. Benardrick is a name?
Future best LT in the NFL ever
Bigger tease then this [chick](https://instagram.com/p/2Hjrc0q8zL/?taken-by=cleatsandcleavage). 
He'll play corner. 
Goddammit Raiders.. After two years of deliberation, I was finally set on committing to becoming a Raiders fan if they drafted Williams.
Mel Kiper is insufferable
What I got right:

* Jameis to Tampa, like every other nutless monkey with half a brain. 

* Devante Parker to Miami.

And that's it. Every other prediction I made was off by about one pick. 


No they werent
Lmao niners took Armstead. Their fans were dead ass against that.
Holy crap, the Bears might get Williams...
NICE
In 2005 he rushed for **1046** yards. In 2008, **1042**. In 2012, **1045**. Yes, in 2009 he rushed for 1416 and in the following years went back down to where he was before but unless you think he was bad before 2009 I don't see how you could think he was after...
True, I find it weirder when they call players a specimen.
Ybor City is tres speedy, but they throw such killer parties
Just realizing he won't see the field probs
That didn't seem bad at all...
Fuck my life
I lose karma too

because I can't comment fast

enough for pick threads
he'll play the 5-tech
So we trade Bmarsh to move up from the 7th round to the 5th round so the Jets no longer needed a WR and they took the best player one spot before us. And we get the second best WR in the draft. In what world is White and some 5th round pick better than Bmarsh and Leo Williams? 

Yes jets you are Paces daddy.
Manny is totally a depth move. If we liked Tomlinson at 23 anyway, it was a good move to pick up some depth along the way.
IM CRYING PLEASE DONT GET LEO! PLEASE JETS ILL SAY GENO IS GOOD
God damn York bald patch.
Randy! Gregory! Randy! Gregory! 
SF should pick Dupree or Gregory, no?
Welcome to Nashville Marcus, I really hope you like music because that's really all they've got.
[NOOOOOOOOOO](http://i.imgur.com/3J7o12H.gif)
Local radio
Woo!
You sly verbose bastard.
Real nice pick for Pittsburgh.
He actually wanted us to get Thompson or Gurley.
God damn! With Todd Bowles and that defense, I kind of want to see the Jets shred everyone. 
Don't remind me :(
wow traded up for shane ray? 
Matthews, Agholor, Huff, Austin, Cooper. 

He is making the team, those are the easily the 5 best WRs on the roster. 
[Dat suit do](http://i.imgur.com/qYzQdBs.jpg)
We're getting 32 in a separate trade :P that much rumoured Brees to Tampa trade... Brees to Tampa, 32nd pick and an LB to NO, Winston to NE
 The man is gigantic
time to pay up
Or literally any aspect of the game that isn't passing.
Pls chip
So who the Bears gonna draft. Are we gonna fill a need or get the best athlete?
Maybe Scherff can punt footballs with RGIII after practice
I still think he's going to end up being an average NFL corner that was boosted by being an absolute freak of an athlete
Flowers
That was one hell of a bad throw from the QB on that Byron Jones' 2nd highlight...
Mooooo
That's how it's pronounced.
Good selection.
wtf. They have Tre Mason
but i want to know they plan on working hard
excellent choice by the browns. dudes a beast, need position and the value is right. 

perfect.
You mean you would actually argue we'd maybe were better off having had arguably one of the top 5 RBs of all time plus other players vs. an up and down QB? That's too bold!
MY BLOOD PRESSURE; HE DROPPING AND I'M RISING
YEEEESSSSSS. Now we can get Jake Fisher. The next duck to become an Eagle.
What weird device is Mariotta wearing?
Holy shit no way!
The AFC East arms race continues
LEONARD WIlLIAMS PLEASE!!!
Same with the Titans. 
Damn, Kendricks and Brown on the board. Please Ted.
Please no Landon please no Landon
He'll be coming to Lambeau this season, too. That will probably be a big deal for a lot of people
Reminds me of the 30 for 30 with elway, gonna be surprised if he stays in Tennessee 
Mari-ooto?
As someone who lived in TN during his reign, he'll be missed. I thought he showed pro potential for sure. Always was rooting for him.

Hopefully Mariota doesn't get the same welcoming Mettenberger did. 
No Chip, you can't take Mariota again. 
At least he knows Kung Fu
Not wholly how it works lol
Nope
I think they just iron on the names
WHAT?! 
exactly shelton at 7 is way too high even with the need for a NT. 

at least Pace is backing up his talk of taking BPA
him or Perriman, I think.
Thanks. I actually thought about that one.
NO THANKS!
Gordon gettin drug tested after that interview. lol. Happy for him, he seems stoked. 
Another great target for Cutler to miss
The two-yard drill could use some work...
With the 12th pick the Browns select BRYCE PETTY!
Hmm... who will the broncos pick?
WE DID IT BOYS!!! WE MADE A GOOD PICK!
I wanted him in Arizona. :(

The Steelers ruin everything for us.
They're jealous of the Cowboys.
Hey, the proved they really don't need them to win games, so whatever. Hopefully they find someone at that position in the later rounds though lol
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!
Ok now the fun begins
Go Huskies
no....everyone just knew that SF was in love with him. If SF doesn't take him there he keeps falling.
Nah You guys will love Breshad Perriman
our faces when it goes in...
The guy is a freak of nature, but he's very raw and that's why fell down the board. If he's developed correctly he's going to be a beast for you guys.
Honestly, I think that has been the smartest pick so far.
I love his, "Wouldn't draft that guy" analysis.
It'll still say that it was against the SD chargers
Welp, thats going to hurt...
Cooper? What the F... Raiders?
I hope we use all 10 minutes.
YEP! Wanna go do karate in the garage?
shhh
I SAW A PICTURE OF HIM NEXT TO A MILITIA OF BBQ SMOKERS A FEW DAYS AGO, YOU'RE GIVING HIM THE NEW HOME HE DESERVES. 

edit: http://ww4.hdnux.com/photos/36/07/57/7896047/7/622x350.jpg
That's a great deal dallas
Dat draft misdirection.
I'll allow it.
There's nothing wrong with current Brandon Flowers either 
It is DGB
Ronald Darby doe. 
Don't ever underestimate Kubiak's ability to find mid- and late-round gems at OL. 
DV?
How good is he?
Wow they didn't draft Collins....
He got arrested because some guy didn't want him on his porch. That guy is an asshole because Montee Ball was the biggest thing on campus at the time. Cops were arresting a good amount of people for the same reason that year.
**SHUTUP MAN, YOU'RE RUINING MY THING**
chargers please no surprises right now 
I want to go smoke but I also want to see if anything happens with the Browns or Eagles.
Not to get all religiony, but yes and no. Yes, he was part of the original 12 that Jesus picked; no, in that they picked a new guy, Matthias, to be the 12th Apostle.
Ewww
Dammit. I don't like it when my rivals make smart picks. 
Let's end this shit.
As much as I loved the idea of a big trade, I don't see Joe you don't do this as the Titans. Especially with Whisenhut at the helm to groom him. Best case scenario they have a watered down version of Montana/Young, Bledsoe/Brady, or Favre/Rodgers. Worst case scenario both QBs play poorly, but maintain trade value over the next couple years based solely on their potential.

 
Yeah that's great hair.
Does he happen to like wings? 
Boos lol
He's going to go offense I think
No, not really. Look at who all went well before the sixth round. 
The whole draft is taking too damn long, I just want to see the Ravens pick. 
We probably will
I didn't realize just how utterly terrible the QB situation in TB was until just now.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Not confusing at all. WR was a top 3 need. Needed speed on outside.
The ghost of Al Davis
He be plundering seafood and booty, mate
I do believe that the fans actually cheer for Adam Silver. 
Why did this hit me in the feels?
Run his ass out of town, for the love of god.
Should have dug deeper to get all these expert photoshops done
Woulda been nice for him to join up with camp again with us, but I don't have much against the Texans.
I think Shelton's gonna kill it.
[**@jwyattsports**](https://twitter.com/jwyattsports/)

> [2015-05-01 00:46 UTC](https://twitter.com/jwyattsports/status/593939590005837824)

> Ken Whisenhunt: "That's the plan" on Mariota starting in Week One. \#Titans

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

First time at the NFL Draft?
[Because you want to see her: Tiffany Rivers](http://fabwags.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/Tiffany-and-Philip-Rivers-5-pic.jpg) 
NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
Browns will take him 
WEEDEN FOR METTENBERGER. AND MY PIZZA.
I think we've agreed that he's drunk
This doesn't belong on the NFL sub.
Waynes tackles like a girl lol 
knees weak
Fuck me. God damn it.
He is small 
Probably being offered picks man! I'm hype too! Fuck! 
I thought he was picked too *high*
Ya, I've heard Kris Bryant is called the Dark Knight, Oh Wait...
same ole same ole.
Nah, they still boo'd.
The boos are waning. 
pls.
[I had to get filmed drinking my own piss thanks to that Melvin Gordon pick](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0iq6aL7C2c&feature=youtu.be) so I sincerely hope he proves me ridiculously wrong

EDIT: Added a link
I think DJ Humphries would've been nice, but eh hopefully we can find some OL gems later in the draft...
Smoothie.... Not stew. 
Winston is going to be a star
Why didn't they take that?
No brainer. Carr can't win without a WR. There's a potential duo for the next decade plus.
Ooooh, so the 49ers and Chargers traded picks.
They're gonna take scherriff

I have never quite understood why we grease up our defensive players before games. 
Flowers was the giants number 1 ranked oline men so I'm pretty happy with it
Kareem Jackson plays the slot. Johnson would likely replace A.J. Bouye out wide when we go into nickel.
[http://i.imgur.com/tIRBMlD.gifv]
Tagged 
[https://twitter.com/CollinsworthNBC/status/593980235068092416](https://twitter.com/CollinsworthNBC/status/593980235068092416)
Mo Lews for a new generation
My favorite play by Trae: http://i.imgur.com/d5uF0Ck.png?2
Called this earlier today.

http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34egy8/kiper_final_2015_nfl_mock_draft/cqu0szv?context=3
I dont know what to feel, im numb
Shit balls
If there was a way for me to give it to you I would, because i really don't care about karma lol
Welp...
Mel's actually 5/11
WTF!!!!!!! Grigson You Son of a Bitch let Malcom Brown, the player we need, go to the fucking Pats!!! Ffffffffuuuuucccckkkk


Well he's actually From Hawaii, so it's even worse
Malcolm Brown Byron Jones
Smoke all you want now homie
Mayyybeee*
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/IwK5sDa
its a bold move cotton lets see if it pays off
Steve the Pirate, is that you?
He's Doctor C!

Seriously Berman, just please...get back back back back gone.
The ultimate "who gives a fuck, we just won the Super Bowl!" pick. They had Marshall Faulk in his prime for Pete's sake
man his hairline is running away from him
Is it possible to get rid of Burnett I guess?

They stuck to the draft the best player available strategy though.
Peace out Mowilk
Atlanta picks Tud Girly!
I've never once seen Ditka take the packers against the bears, even last season when we were god awful...
Twitter dude.
Jets would to smart to take a trade right here.
FEEL GOOD. YOURE A PACKER FAN! 
On the field. In the locker room his act got old supposedly. 
You're getting a great player, Browns fans.
So glad the Bears missed him
I AM SHOCKED!
I guess Maclin doesn't exist.
can anyone tell me how to live stream this thread? /r/nfl should be embarrassed 
See you week one 
I'm fucked
Wish the jags would have taken him but fowler is still good
Hyde was too slow for the slot, he'll be too slow outside. There's a reason he saw so much time at safety last year.
Say what you want about this Oakland pick , I think it's the best selection for Oakland 
ESPN will still find a way to cut to commercial before the Saints pick.
I don't think we'll take him. Apparently there's more issues with him than just pot. We'll probably take Odighizuwa.
Good job Jets.
This is the most boring draft ever. I was told there would be Chip Kelly.
Devante Parker
Darby is out there but I'm sure you've had your fill with FSU CBs lately
So the Raiders have it easy now. Williams wears silver and black.
I kinda want Gregory even with the risk
I'm totally fine with this buddy. 
Shane Ray to Denver is a match made in heaven.
Booooooo
Ah. That's a nice secondary, though not sure about those safeties
Shane Ray will be in Colorado. Weed is legal in Colorado. Dude is stoked.
Poor Williams' heart is broken
goodell can't even pronounce the guy's name correctly
Cant wait!
I just don't see going from 9 mil to 11 mil when there isn't really an equivalent player on the team is worth it and not an overpay. On certain teams it would be but the Chiefs and Eagles aren't in that category in my opinion
The Smokey Mountains are pretty tight. Just hike the Appalachian Trail for your entire off season workout.
Damn Oakland, your thirst is real.
Savage. 
[As a Giants fan praying with baited breath that Beasley drop to us](https://youtu.be/Ula8oi_M4Ww)
Bold
2 times, Gruden!
[Real fuckin neato.](http://imgur.com/Zajc4eo.jpg)
Good point
OMFG COME ON BASED MAC DADDY!11!!!!
Reminds me of the old N64 wrestling games
That's not how this works

That's not how any of this works 
So much drama, in a couple hours we will see who the Browns will pick at 19.
hahahaha stfu mofo..:)
His name ha been said ten million tine the last month and Roger fucking Goodell cant pronounce it properly?
wanted a linemen. 
Looks like he'll wear number 3... 


That means two things:

- at least three wins next season, and...

- #halflife3confirmed
[Context - NFL Network](https://streamable.com/0t9q)

lol
And Perriman falls
Fuck it I'll throw in Levi's Stadium too.
Eric... Kendricks? The guy that won the Butkus? Why not him?

This seems like a huge reach. Guess we like good workouts over production.

Hell, why not McKinney or Perryman?
And this surprises...nobody!
ESPN doesn't know how to handle an intelligent, well-spoken athlete
WOW. WILLIAMS IS DROPPING.
It's mediocre at the top so no one is going crazy
Great pick Falcons. He'll be fucking awesome 
I think it's on purpose 
Will the top pick be a class act? A gym rat? A real firecracker...?
Atleast it wasnt the saints :p
This is a great pick for the Skins. He's a great lineman. Could turn into an above average tackle, or a Pro Bowl Guard. This is what they need to keep RG3 from dying
Can now trade him for some field paint
Another year of the tradition of staying up past 11EST to find out we traded out of the round. IBWT*, time for bed. 

Ed- I been foxed!
=']
Probably a good trade for both teams.
Packers take Demarius Randall
THIS IS SO UPSETTING
Dat chin though. Is he the Crimson Chin?
He is a Wisconsin boy after all. 
Did he get drafted?

EDIT: Never mind, just checked. 
Someone in San Diego obviously
We'll probably move him to CB.
Because he sucks. 
Yep, and he had good reason, first year after lock out.

He just snatches it from Bettman, doesn't take the customary picture, instead opts to make out with the Cup immediately and passionately. It was amazing.
Baltimore well do somthing awsome, they always do.
You get skipped. And you go after the next team.
An hour before this one did. I don't know your time zone and don't care to do the math
Marioto should be a Pokemon
No way.
I thought about Oher and Locker but they are both gone.
Dupree or Jones
Hey, a trade!
maybe we can get Vick back
Lebeau is out of Pittsburg
It's like Goodell had never heard his name before.
It's a good day, let them like it my friend.
I wouldn't bother, if I were you. The questions were something like 

"we know you're samoan, what do you think today means for the people you represent?"

"though this is a tremendous occasion for you today is also the four-year anniversary of his death. how does this honor him?"

Basically it was a weak recover from a pretty intense thing to say, and seemed out of place and kind of mean. It felt more off-color and like a low-skill question as opposed to a real gaffe.
Gruden is about to dip his balls in Kiper's mouth.
GOD DAMNIT!
I think Titans are making a mistake not trading the pick for a ransom
MARIOTO? **YOU HAVE ONE FUCKING JOB ROGER!** **ONE. FUCKING. JOB!**
**NBA TICKER**|3:43 3rd
---|---
[](/CHI)Chicago|84
[](/GB)Milwaukee|40
Hahaha 420
i mean im not happy with the pick either but we still have 6 picks left lets see what the man does, and lets wait until the season starts and im hoping he proves us wrong
Why not have a QB battle in camp? Or are they planning to trade Metz tomorrow?
http://www.nfl.com/draft/2015/live?icampaign=draft-sub_nav_bar-drafteventpage-live
I know right? I thought that was really distasteful 
WHAT!!!!???
I mean, if you have 2 first round picks you win over people with one... That's like 100% more picks.
#EXCUSE ME?
I think he's a great, speedy, option for Cutler. 
I think Chicago had to go White there, you really going to take Shelton at 7? And Beasley is a walking bust, maybe could have gone Dupree, but no doubt White has a higher grade than him 
Oh I'm sure he'll just rape it. 
I'm calling it now, Philly is going to pick a player that should go fuck himself.
Williams will not be on the Bears! Thank you based Jets
What the Fuck?! I'll take Williams if nobody wants him. 
I mean someone has to make a trade at some point
When in doubt, always trust your gut. That usually works out for me.
Congratulations guys. *shake hands* *shake hands* We were terrible enough last year to get the 2nd pick. *shake hands*
be with the fam
Clemmy's Beasley heading to Atlanta. 
his time machine
Wilfork's successor???
Of course they got to commercials before the Browns. #conspiracy
nooooooo
True. They might trade up?
Aye I'm down for for this
Chicago crowd is weaksauce
i have been with shing that a while. great player and great character
He's probably right
Titans need a qb, eagles didn't include Bradford, that's probably why they didn't accept it. 
it should be fun to compare how dead Matt Ryan is vs how dead Cam is from our O lines being bad lol
So, you don't. Got it.
unexpected but I can't be unhappy about it. Needed solid OL help and we can get defensive help later. 
Didn't realize this was outside
Should've gone corner. 
It's okay. The rivalry was over once they kicked Harbaugh out. We got nothing left. Go ahead and start something with the Rams or Cardinals. We'll just be in the background doing our thing and hanging; drinking our white wine and eating some fine California cheese. 
Oh fuck off
8/32 by my count
*eager
http://i.imgur.com/mp7U6G4.gif

/s
Aww
No selfies allowed before the game.
Cares more about generating news than reporting it. That's how I see it, but I'm sure it varies.
No. 

HHH and Jameis Winston will face each other at Wrestlemania 32. 
[Come on Chip Kelly. Do something] (http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-V2vbZaB9ElU/U7ySy-cDJRI/AAAAAAAAJ-o/s9PAfSKVbrw/s1600/move-away.gif)
Nah, There's a lot of misinformation. There's no need to be sorry.
#WHAT
I don't know what to feel.
Do they know something about Williams we don't?
Pittsburgh dropping football to form a new band called "Alvin and the Steelers" 
RIP CAM press F to pay respeks
Have you been to /r/eagles?
Saints really addressed the o-line this offseason. Should be good for them. 
Goodell is a robot. Thats why he cant pronounce these names.
Some people don't have a team and just like to watch football. Could also be someone who watches college and not pro and is keeping an eye on the draft to see where college players end up. Flair is not necessary.
After Gurley was drafted, Stacy tweeted "Yikes."

Not surprising at all.
Faulk as well
Gonna regret that 9ers
I think Jameis was told to stay home since Roger Goodell didn't want to shake hands and take pictures with him because of his past. I think they also told Mariota to stay home since to squash the controversy of the #1 pick not being there.
>he said Nick Foles would be the team's quarterback for "the next 1,000 years"

Because he wanted to shut up all the Mike Vick talk.
Tell that to Justin Harrell and Derek Sherrod :/
I hate these fucking commercials every 3.5 seconds, ruining the broadcast.
Good pick. Gordon is a real talent. I really hope he does well
TOO SOON
When was the last time the Pats picked in the first round (because I'm too lazy to look it up)
St.Pete Bay area represent! 
Hahaha Browns just took Erving just to spite Elway.
Hilton, Andre, Moncrieff, Fleener, Allen, Carter, Gore, Ballard. Why did we need to add another?
Can you not Jets
Why is this taking so long?
. . . . And the Rams pick Sam Bradford, QB, Philadelphia Eagles.
Fuck me these people talking about how "him and haha are going to be a great pair at safety" are frustrating. Do you motherfuckers know Morgan Burnett? He was a top 10 player on our team last season, no fucking chance he's being replaced.
OK TIME FOR US TO SCREW IT UP GUYS
It would also be nice if Storm had stayed and our run game hadn't been awful.
Shields was arrested for possession of cannabis in college, and Raji tested positive for THC at the combine. Then there's Guion, who was re-signed just months after being arrested with a quarter pound of pot...

I get the feeling that Green Bay's front office doesn't really care. They might worry about other character issues, but let a single possession or failed drug test slide.
damn =(
Mariota to the Titans? That's not fair, the Texans don't have a QB. 
I'd hate for it to be the pats. I would like to actually root for him. 
There's so much talent on defense available right now and the Eagles need help on that side of the ball. I'm guessing Landon Collins.
Not going to lie, kind of disappointed that the top comment in the Cardinals draft pick is a completely irrelevant comment about something off topic and posted by a Pats fan... Can't say I'm surprised though.
And after that wait, wait for that NFL Championship that will never come.
Wow, he's really happy to hug the commish
Love this Chicago circlejerk btw
/r/enlightenedbirdmen
He's bigger than Reggie.
NY GIANTS are taking Ereck Flowers!!!!!!!
gonna be new orleans trading up

For some reason the Tampa area is pretty meh about unambiguous traffic signage, though.
That's what I call high quality entertainment.
Russell Carrington Wilson would have words with thee.
Still not kosher in the NFL, kind of makes it worse, especially now that he'll probably be tested more often.
Good argument dipshit.
Haha Goodell being booed. Fuck him
Why aren't you high on bud?
I don't think a trade happens and titans take mariota
Doesn't mean he likes the pick.
100% Williams in my mind, Cooper could be this pick but I'd build that defense first.
he needs reggaine
Steelers more like stealers ^im ^sorry
So they chose to host the draft somewhere that isn't big enough to hold all the people???. 
GOD DAMMIT SF. 
Us
Who the fuck is Bryan Bennet?
its all about gaffney anyway, youll see. 
This is all part of the NFC East's plan to have the full 1st and 2nd All-Pro O-Lines
Jay glazer has gotten every single pick right. Wow
to be clear, I'm referring to the overall scale of the event. "Draft Town" especially. 
Likely you will be getting the best of both worlds
We got Cooper so I guess it doesn't matter lol.
Because we need a CB and he's going to play CB. 
2 spots might not be enough to dodge the Arik bullet.
Yes I love this pick! 
Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo. Also, williams finally goes. 
Did they really need to trade up for that? 
Ramirez has started at center before.
Pretty much as well as we realistically could've.
Brown getting closer
I see your post 
THEY HAVE THE WARLOCK!!!!
Dan Quinn please make Vic Beasley's childhood dream come true.
Thanks Oakland.
Tre Mason is really good though
Browns making a good pick? holy
Leonard Williams + Khalil Mack = sexy
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Youre right, but we are seeing every team pick offense over defense for whatever reason. Apparently all the GMs are just on super benders
most mocked pick ever

As an Eagles/USC fan, us getting Agholor and the Skins passing up on Williams makes me so happy :)

This kid is going to be a stud. Hard worker, good size and an incredible returnman 
Claritin: For your Bizet life.
No trade clause plus a player option after this year... I may be in the minority but I fully believe anything short of 10 wins and Mack walks. Have you seen our schedule? He's as good as gone. Hopefully he helps this guy learn and leaves Cam in a great spot to take over at center next season. 
Do not want...but it's totally going to happen, shiiiit.
DID YOU SEE HOW HARD THAT LAWNMOWER FUCKED THAT HILL THO?!?

Lol what? Trade down and get a ransom like the Rams got from you. 
probably a fuckin pats fan
Fer CHRISSAKE if these picks don't happen faster I'm just gonna load up Skyrim and wait for the jingle.
It was worth it Browns, it was worth it
MY SHOES REMAIN UNDROPPED AND MY JIMMIES RUSTLED
I really hope Mariota does well!
So much booing. 
Lmao rebel
[He knew](https://twitter.com/RandallTime/status/593973520629108736)
C'mon chip!

Wildcard bitches!
Damn Eagles, thats gotta suck. Sucks for Mariota too, but whatever.
Well damn. 
YES! PARKER LIVES ANOTHER PICK
Chi-town is a pretty well-known nickname for Chicago
lol this^
a 4th and 5th is worth it if he's their guy and houston was gonna take him
Christ I've missed football.
did you see vince last year? Neither was he.
No really, since they knew 2 QBs would likely go first. 
NOOOOOOOOOOO
COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP
WHAT THE FUCK?!?!?! 
Here we go lads 
... That can't be true. I could have sworn they made it as a wild card. Granted, it may have been in the 00's, but they've definitely made the playoffs since getting the team back. Right? >crickets> Right?
For once the Jets make a pick that would not be booed by their hometown fans but the draft isn't in New York. 
MARIATO
You know you want Bretty Hundley at 19
Yeah, but put yourself in the FO of any team. Would you chance your first round pick on him?
There will be some good WR in second round. 
A RB?! WTF?!
Probably move him inside. Armstead is great and Strief has another season or two in him.
This draft has been pretty tame so far. So many rumors. So much potential. 
holy fuck that kid is a beast
Ghost Protocol was fucking baller. I'm excited about the new MI movie. It's one of those series that gets better as it goes, like the Fast and Furious movies.
Watch ESPN makes me hate all the clever ESPN Office commercials by how much they get replayed )= and fuck Geico chillllll out we get it.
Holy shit, Scott Wells is still playing?
Pretty surprised by that
[**@NatBerhe**](https://twitter.com/NatBerhe/)

> [2015-05-01 00:58 UTC](https://twitter.com/NatBerhe/status/593942649352007680)

> Trust the system

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

you just got my favorite player in the draft. congrats eagles. 
OMG WHAT IF WE GET DUPREE
Its personal preference,if you like the ESPN broadcast go watch it and go into that thread. If you like NFLN and are watching that then stay.
yepp, he still moves like he weighs 255 even though he's over 300
Probably attempting to trade down right now.
he was drafted as a tackle
Oh come on. Stop stroking your own dick with this song and dance and just get to business.
Trae Waynes and Xavier Rhodes is going to be a pretty good duo.
Goodell with the cheap pop
What the hell is a matter with mort? Did he have a stoke or something?
that was due to contract structuring if i remember correctly
The Redskins take Scherff. Do they know something we don't because this makes absolutely 0 fucking sense
Well, they play four teams whose primary color is red.
Happy things 
Is Whisenant really sold on Mettenberger? 
WTF why??!!

we won't know this until next year
Boom or Bust
What the hell for? I've never heard any sort of fitness expert suggest there's any point to something like that.
IT'S HAPPENING!
Thought for sure it would be a LB.
You make me sad.
Almost the Colts time.
Ramirez will probably play Center. And you can never have too many good offensive lineman.
This doesn't make a lot of sense for the Jets, right? 
Not sure what's happening right now
So, this is a dumb question but how do they do the names on the jerseys? Velcro?
Nfln not letting this SD trade die
Fowler for a ring? Deal.
Silent edit
There goes his fantasy football stock too
He is so explosive
O-line was our biggest need, imo. 
Was he choking up or did he forget what words were?
Ugh, I'm just hoping it stops sometime next season...
Have you gotten off Chip's wild ride? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72tYed9LIQ8&feature=youtu.be

FUCK MAN I CAN'T BE DRINKING AT 8:30
Gimme Leonard, gimme gimme gimme
So far I've only seen one person on twitter leaking picks so thats good
Good rams for the Trades but can somebody do a pick?
/sarcasm
I know what we need. But this is what usually happens :P
...interesting 
lol mort is a dick 
> Todd Gurley to Rams and Melvin Gordon to Chargers. Two running backe chosen in top 15 could be playing in Los Angeles in near future.
Dude, Gordon's coming back next year. We got this.
Good choice
It just said "Yikes"
Isn't that only if you fail a drug test? He just got arrested
LETS GOO!!
PLEASE DRAFT SHANE RAY FALCONS
My body is ready. Let's go.
They have the best QB in the NFC west.
No popped helmets 0/10
It was drafts with a QB picked 1st AND 2nd. Not just QBs picked first
I think some team will take the shameless 5-6th round tag on him and just hold him as a massive upside pick. 

I mean shit even if you give it 50/50 odds he gets arrested thats a good gamble there, and it doesn't sound like 50/50
The draft stock of RBs for the next 10 years lies on Todd Gurley's shoulders.
Melvin seems like a good kid.
Ruston Webster you four eyed son of a bitch
mmm, delicious hate dish.
How does Goodell not know how to pronounce arguably the most polarizing pick of the first round? And the Heisman winner 
That's gross 
Pelicans fan here...... Pelicans fan leaving.
We already have Richardson, Wilkerson, Harrison and Coples. So either someone is getting traded or sitting. 
Inb4 eagles trade out of the first round completely and don't do anything exciting.
Yeah good trade for SF
Cambell?

He's 6'9" right?
Fisher or Perriman here 
Fuck you. Don't put that evil on me. If we're taking for Vikings QBs, I'd take Ponder over Webb. At least he's accurate within 7 yards of scrimmage.
Finally, a pick that I could've predicted 
They traded out after Tomlinson was taken by the Lions.
Dang..almost unreal to see someone you played against in *middle school* football get drafted on ESPN. 

Congrats, Danny. Awesome that someone from the neighborhood is in the big time!
That's why I'm here lol
Alright now trade AP to Cleveland for 12 and 19!
So he's going to smoke meth in the Walmart parking lot? 
Cooper?
I'm actually shocked as hell.
Seriously, I don't see how he can pack 220 lbs onto that body
ESPN wants tears
lost it at gnome, good work
So King corrected his tweet to read 14, which matches my count, but as you've pointed out, that's counting a swap of first rounders twice yet that would make 4 trades this year, not 2. So I'm gonna chalk it up to "be inconsistent to make it seem more drastic."
So he has a history of doing blow?
vikings reporter already confirmed it. Said Vikings liked him as well.
McShay is so much better at this than Kiper
Damn you nailed it!
After Houshmanzadeh we're ready for anything. 
As an ASU alum, I hope he does well for you guys. I loved watching him play. He was a key leader to help out our super green defense this year.
is... is the dream dead?
Fuck these teams and all their sensible, boring picks.
Unfortunately they are worse. I would've rather had strong.
LOOK AT THIS BIG BOY 
That horn was a nice touch
One dollar Bob! 
So Waynes World, Parker, or Peat Digger? Interesting group of potential picks for the Vikes

EDIT: WAYNES WORLD
Is Kevin Johnson wearing his dad's suit from the 80s?
Which is miniscule
Oh man, Browns are coming. This is when it gets good.
Lovie Smith: Should we draft Winston now?

Bucs GM: Nah it'll look bad if we do it right away. Wait a few more minutes so people think we're thinking like smart people.
Because we boss
Don't blame him either and personally I want the guy to succeed. He played his heart out for us last year despite not winning any games. 
Same thing we do every year Pinky, Bill Belichick tried to take over the world. I mean, we traded our 1st round pick for mid round picks that will end up being pro bowlers.
GOD DAMMIT
Whut lol
I mean, Todd Gurley and Tre Mason...and Zac Stacy.

They're going to murder defenses.
I wasn't sure about this guy until I came to this thread... now I'm ecstatic!
YESSSS NO WILLIAMS ON THE BEARS
GODDAMMIT, STOP TRYING TO MAKE QBR HAPPEN
For Chips next act: A kinda predictable, boring pick. 

He's been swerving all offseason and right when people thought he was gonna swerve again he just headed straight. 
Remember the year when the Canes won and Rod Brind'amour didn't even let him finish his spiel before hoisting the cup?

Fucking hilarious.
Sweet!
If it's any consolation, we no longer have Rex's giant big stiffy for D to point at people.
0-16, never forget
All that time wasted talking about the Eagles.
That would actually make a lot of sense.
Goodall just shat
Agreed! Fuck that!
...and teach him how to poorly mask his drug tests?
Multiple Reports that Vikings loved Waynes
BIG DICK MAC WITH THE LAST SECOND PICK
They won't.
Aw yeah
Same. D:
Touchdown, commercial, kick, commercials. Oh wait, this is commercial, one pick, then commercial.
My bad.
Someone better fucking trade something now,
First pick besides the buccaneers that hasn't really surprised me.
is there something we dont know about williams?
What a boring draft. Someone needs to do something fun, like draft Tebow or stab somebody.
Can't wait to watch New England trade down at the last second!
NFC West: Gurley, Hyde, Beastmode, and uh....
In other news, water is wet.
that.....that was fast 
Darby... Calling it
Come on petty i want to see that guy wear a tutu
Domo arigato Marcus Marioto.
Dammit. I thought the Chargers would really make a stab at getting him as the successor. Instead we're not only moving to LA next year, but also starting some random jabroni as the QB.
My boy went to high school with them, he was closer in age to Chandler but apparently Jon was known to be a little psychotic, he like beat a door down at a party in order to beat his ex girlfriend's new boyfriend's ass.
And no williams

WAY TO GO RAIDERS
Ken Whisenhunt basically came out and said that Mariota is going to be the day 1 starter. There's no problem with wanting to be the starter and there's no problem with asking to be traded if you're not even going to be able to compete for the starting job.

https://mobile.twitter.com/PaulKuharskyNFL/status/593939588164538368
Blue balls. 
Great pic patriots. Malcolm is a family man with a wife and two kids I believe. He will give you his all and I'll be surprised if he's not making plays in the NFL over the next few years. Hook'em
Well Tennessee you officially have the second best quarterback in the AFC South.
Exactly what happened with Eli-Rivers
Dammit it was 32 for 33, alcohol man 
Y'all are in the espn game thread
To stop Stafford from doing what? Lol
So is everybody from Wisconsin just likable as fuck?
I have heard they are eskimo brothers.
BAH GAWD, THAT QB HAD A FAMILY!
He is so much more excited than Gurley was. 
I trust Baalke, but fuck 
Unfortunately Blount alone will score 56.
They're the worst kept secrets in the world. The NFL has "asked" that everyone stop tweeting them out before they were announced this year and last.
WHAT THE SHIT
Yeah, we're going to need you to come in on Satuuuuurday.
Mayweather
There goes for Doug Farrar's picks LOL.
And now Chip is going nuts 
AWWWW his little interview 
Figures our division sucks at stopping the run
ROGER GOODELL SUCKS GET OFF THE STAGE
Looks like the Jets are having some clock management problems.
Guard, center, don't matter

Edit: but really, you can never have enough o-linemen.
Bradford Tebow >>>>>Winston mariota 
LET THE BOOS FLOW LIKE THE MISSISSIPPI INTO THE GULF
Only at the run though. He actually played less than 50% of the snaps last season and is pretty bad against the pass.
Phooey.
Damn KC ain't waste no time
Him and Carr are gonna fucking kill it.
But didn't you essentially just replace Marshall?
No. Not perfect at all. 

Edit: IT'S KEVIN JOHNSON, YEAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!
Marshall needed to go.
Common has a very calming voice. 
It is funny, thanks. And true.
Green Bay hasn't been all that great in the first round lately. 
Call me when the Rams aren't 'a year away' from being good
I don't know shit about these players. Why are they not happy?
No, Ahmad Brooks the creator of Brees's go-go gadget neck
Bold prediction. Cowboys take Hundley here.
Well shit, Suzy. What a fucked up question to ask.
FUCK YOU RAMS HAHAHAHAHAH
white or Williams 
This dude looks so happy.
Jesus Christ
Go look him up for yourself. Nothing is a given, but this is how you build a good solid foundation.
I really want Gordon or Gurley but I doubt they fall to us. 
Let's brawl, she sucks
Fuck you with "This is so Browns." 
Tre drops to 7th-8th round territory. 
You touch my?
What happened?
Straight up trade for Watt or Wilfork?
Damn what a great pick 
Trying too hard. 
Jets could trade down, trade-abuse the Falcons or something. Either way, they get better and I don't like that one-bit.
THANK GOD 
FUCK YEAH GOT EM RHODES CLOSED MOTHERFUCKERS
fucking Patriots are on the clock by now and we haven't even announced Detroit
It's still terrible, though. 
On hindsight, that wasn't a sexy pick, but the Skins' just got a really solid tackle
Tharold Simon is on that list, and he got drafted by the Seahawks.

Ask me how I know...
Yes, gives them a few more hours to make a pick. I still think he goes to Philly. Chip seems willing to trade his children. 
Would you want to play in Tennessee?
Wouldn't be surprised by a trade here 
It's 100% weird no one's traded up to the top 10
Yeah those stats were impressive. Looks like he moves well. 
lolz
[**@RapSheet**](https://twitter.com/RapSheet/)

> [2015-04-30 23:57 UTC](https://twitter.com/RapSheet/status/593927074840096768)

> What package are \#Eagles talking about to go to No. 1 or No. 2? Two 1st rounders, a 3rd rounder, Fletcher Cox, Boykin, Kendricks, more. Wow.

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Chicago gave Roger Goodell that John Cena heat from MITB 2011
In the military my buddy from Mississippi asked me why people from New York always have to proclaim with a cocky attitude, "I'm from New York"
Who's this Mariato kid? Under the radar for sure.
Yeah! He was leading through the top 5 and McShay was in last. That sure flipped quickly!
DA FUCK?! 
Lions trade down and Brown is still there, noice
why so many boos?
shrooms kicking in 0_0
http://i.imgur.com/xoAmZ.gif
I mean I want a blow job and to not have to go to my 9 am lab tomorrow but...
That's my point numb nuts
I agree to some extent but Gurley is to good to pass up and if the Rams didn't take him you better believe he would have been gone by the next couple of picks. Plus I feel the Rams have a good all around team and RB was one of their weaker positions next to WR. They need to improve their line but I feel if Gurley can stay healthy this will be a good pick for the Rams 
Kevin White of CBs.
Well you and the Pack both hung 50+ points on us in back-to-back games

I think our needs our elsewhere. But whatever, just got to trust the FO here
XFL....where he hate me
So since the Eagles didn't get Mariota, did Chip Kelly just say fuck it and pick a random name?
This is literally our worst choice out of all of them.
Off the field issues taken into account, probably Eric Kendricks. Surprised he lasted this long with teams late in the 1st needing some defensive help, the Saints went with a different ILB instead.

I wouldn't be surprised to see a team make a play for him and trade up in the 2nd.
HAHAHA Goodell fucked up his name
He just needs a twisted mustache like Julius Thomas
If the Jets take Kevin White I'm going to be so fucking pissed. 
I fucks with it. Our new rookie WR looks like he's 46 years old.
Colts are stacked at WR. Damn.
I can dig it
Plenty of other needs than SS.
> glaring hole

somebody forgot how they lost a 7th round draft pick, didn't they?
Can't be mad with o-line
Hah, nice.
Imagine that you have a rag (the draft) and there's a bucket full of water (money) and an empty bucket (their bank account). To get the most amount of water from the full bucket to the empty bucket you need to dip the rag in there as many times as you can and squeeze as much water out of it as possible. 
Chris Berman is not doing a very good job tonight
Salty Dez didn't nab that goal line ball, would have been a great trophy on our wall...
But if this pans out how will you feel? Possible Pro-Bowl DE vs. Average O-Line player?
pick in quick again
Lets try some LOLBengals with their pick
I would pay money to see her fuck that horse
Fucking normie
> at home watching Paul Blart 2

After I see it 3 times in Theaters of course
54 point victory. Holy hell that's ugly.
DAMN IT

I WANTED TO TRADE RIVERS

not really. Thank God all that bullshit talk is done now.
Best comparison I can compare it to is Alphonso Dennard a couple years ago. First round talent, and as long as Collins isn't scene as a primary murder suspect he'll get drafted, but it'll be very far down in the draft. No team likes a player getting in trouble for any reason just before the draft.
What the fuck are you doing Colts, you don't have to listen to SB Nation
Is that guy wearing Christmas ornaments?
The Bulls are winning 62-28???

Holy fuck, does Milwaukee even have 5 guys on the floor?
Probably gonna update it Tonight afterwards or tomorrow. 
You're right. My b.
Ereck Flowers a top 10 pick? Yikes.
And Wilfork, Crick, and Clowney.
This is ridiculous. A 60 minute hockey game with 2 intermissions that only started about 15 minutes before the draft had already ended, yet they're dragging this shit out for 3.5 hours with nothing but commercials and bullshit from their "experts" panel. 
I'll let you know in January.
Dank meme
Charlie Gogolak at 6th overall in 1966

All the people saying Janikowski, he was third highest kicker ever taken.
Surprised it wasn't Leonard Williams 
Congrats on your FL pick ^^^you ^^^GA ^^^fuckers
Titans you can't just go around ruining people's lives like this
Damn y'all quick
Vikings trade up.
The amount of times I've seen your flairs saying all those mock drafts are dumb for giving you Armstead.. This pick is just perfect. 
Stupid fans thinking:

What I want to happen = what will happen
I haven't been paying much attention, to be honest, I'm just now realizing there aren't any good DBs left for first round value. Hopefully he does well. 
Underrated as fuck. Love this pick.
They are still holding grudges
Bo Jackson?
We're about to pick next. I have no idea whatsoever what were picking. 
Gruden: It's a mee-ah Mario-ta
Physical freak but extremely raw.
fuck.

That's what I mean. Unless someone else was trying to get SF's pick
Dat D tho
Didn't they go to commercial literally last pick? Are they going to do more after the Saints one too?
Draft day is probably his least favorite day of the year. 
Not looking for flashy picks, nor did I say I was. If there was a franchise left tackle in this draft I would've hoped we'd run to the podium to select him. Im pissed because they got shitty, shitty value. A guard does not warrant a top five pick. Ever. 
He's got that pre-NFL Julio Hairline.
I see what you did there.
"Because no one can stop this kid - except his ACL injury"... Thanks ESPN
Question because I'm ill-informed, why are eagles fans angry about this pick?
G-good pick
Wow the Steelers really fucked up with this one

> Bud DuPree has the largest fitted NFL Draft hat: Size 8 1/2, according to @NewEraCap
DO IT CHIP!!
**BOOOO**
Bridgewater all over again 
Fuck all of you saying Bennett giving me a heart attack and shit.
I wanted some crazy trade :(
I know. I don't think we'll really hear the end of it until the opener...
This has worked out perfectly for us!
What's great is all five of our starters are set for at least 2 years, maybe 3...depending on Leary's knees and Free.
James Johnsons
Oh good, more receivers to cover.
Spoilers man
They still have another pick. 
You've got me there
did he just say the rams havent had a good running back since dickerson?
Dude kevin johnson is a stud. Why yall hating on that pick?
Is the Wells Report we're all waiting for just a detailed brochure of how much he sucks?
More chalk than a Kansas fan club
Meh, good pick SD but he better run away from the Mack truck if he plans on doing anything vs Oakland. 
Smart pick
fuck you and the click you claim.
I don't understand any of this... does that mean I'm old?
Just happened on ESPN. 
CCFA. Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America. 
Exxxxcccccellent, Jones or Brown will be available for us
Sorry you got downvotes. You were only posting what you thought was true. Nothing wrong with that. 
lol goodell cant even pronounce a name right. 
Fuck one of our options gone. BEASLEY STAY OPEN. 
We were the 32nd ranked offense.

 fact
Pats win again
on the spot
Lol kinda nice isn't it?
oh yeah I agree.
I'm starting to believe the rumor that they picked Mariota so that the franchise would fetch a higher price. If you want to win, take the picks and players. Make money now? Draft the hot name.
Browns pick a kicker
Alright now for the good stuff.
Perfect spot for him. 
Suzy Colbert: Let's think back to whe-

Jets fans: **BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**

Namath: Enough! Suzy.. I just wanna *kiss you*
That is the best way to explain it. Makes sense.
OOOHHHH NOOOOOOO
NINERS TRADE WITH CHARGERS
False starts are barely the QBs fault lol
LA....NICE
Not unless he proves himself a ton in camp. Carr is a mediocre starter, but he's still starting quality.
This is such a stupid assumption. Leaf was a hard working beast in college, he may have been a prick but that doesn't mean he coasted 
That's about 8 too many
I'm looking at it now. This is fucking hilarious. We get torn to shreds for sucking it up these last few years, we pick up a potential franchise QB to hopefully get the franchise headed in the right direction, aaaaand now our organization is a piece of shit for not trading our pick with anyone. 
3.7 cubic liters
on my UK feed they're doing a giveaway for a Blake Bortles signed football, like it's a collectors item or something. This is probably why Football hasn't caught on with the Brits 
So uh, is this where we jump off the Mettenburger train?
I'm surprised Ozzie went for him.
Makes a lot of sense to me.
> apidimi,
> tare,
>sole

you tried...
He couldn't hear himself think over the booos
49ers going to take Eric Kendricks in the first...
Over or under 10 TDs in that game?
oh god, my sides, I am looking forward to the countless years of "Marioto" jokes on /r/nfl .
Atlanta had a lot bigger needs on the defensive line than a running back
Then we should of taken something other than a running back then. Cunningham and Mason are both very very good, it's a wasted pick. 
However, I don't think this is likely 
If the Jets don't draft Williams...why is he falling?
Oh, ok, makes sense. Thought I was losing it for a minute.
shit has he gotten one wrong since?
Why the fuck would we move a proven commodity away from LT?
Praise be to Elway, for he is generous in both tooth and GM ability.
#BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Yeah there's a reason RES shows that I've downvoted him at least 120 times. Dudes a moron lol
Pick him!
Well that was rude.
Hahahahahahahahahaha
"to the fans streaming on firstrow.us, welcome"
We all hate Berman right?
Dear Jesus, bless all his tendons and stuff. Amen. 
Finally. Fight On Williams!!!
I'm definitely not, but I also do not think we should have reached for a lineman based on who was available.
YESSSS
The Oilers
What I do on the weekends in the summer 

Lakin'
Hasn't been announced yet but they traded out with Houston 
Marioto? You had one job, Goodell.
Because you can't move them.
Trae the Truth
Got wasted in Ybor a few times. More than little South Dakotan me could handle. It was fun though. Lots of beggars. 
So happy in the last thread to so sad in this one. Sorry bro :(
That was dumb, Rams.
That is one of the least exciting trades I've ever seen
I want to give Cleveland a giant hug.
Because there are plenty of great WRs in this draft, and we dont have the line to let a dude like Cooper be effective.

Cooper runs one route, the 9 fly, and thats it. He can't catch in traffic and his YAContact stats are bad. You're telling me that A) thats going to work in the NFL where the DBs are way faster and the safeties way better and B) its going to work with a shitty OLine who cant give Carr more than 3 seconds to throw? LOl ok.

And on top of all that, almost every single super bowl team for the last like 10 years has been built form the defensive front 7 first. With Leo we could easily have had the best young front 7 in the league, and probably while young a top 5 in the league. AND STILL GOT A GOOD WR NEXT ROUND.

Fucking terrible draft strategy and terrible pick. Cooper next DHB/Crabtree
Especially after an Offensive Linemen is selected. Just guys looking at highlights and saying, "Yep. He pushed that guy a lot."
FIELD DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dat hairline.
Let's hear some BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOs
Yeah me too.. no Todd Gurley or Melvin Gordon?
I have to agree with you on this. Dorsett would have been available in the second round. I thought J.Strong would have been smarter
I feel like this draft would be done in an hour if they didn't talk so much.
No, washington, why? Still mad about that trade? Come on, it wasn't that bad...
bruce jenner?
He seems like a good kid, hope he does well! Good pick Chargerbros. 
Yes, NFL, keep taking OL. Save based Grigson from himself.
Who did you not want us to take?
If we pass on Devante Parker i'm gonna be pissed. He and Gurley were my top two hopefuls.
Our lines weren't nearly as good under Anderson as they were under Bert. 
I feel bad for a guy who goes to Jacksonville. Good luck...good luck.
He's lucky to be on a roster anywhere.
Harbaugh Golden Bears?
Never heard of him and I thought I Knew most of the players
He's not a TE.
Damn you Packer fans and you're whimsical jokes
Melvin Gordon naht Gurley
Fisher alluded to taking a DE and reports were a top 10 team would not let Gregory get by them. Gregory to Rams?
I want to believe
Yeah right we're going to draft OL and DL the rest of the way, I'm actually shocked we spent a high pick on a skill position since we hardly ever do that!
As a huge Arrow fan I need to say, WHAT IS THIS FROM EXACTLY AND WHY HAVE I NEVER SEEN IT?!
Sports and some tv shows
Running back fraternity? that's your first question? BOO YOU SUCK LADY
Sanchez will be a wr by the end of the off season just watch. 
There is no benefit for the prospects, only helps the league make more money. 
Marcus Marioto Mr. ROBOTO
I would have taken that deal in a heartbeat. Jesus Christ.
Yup and if they don't fix that O-Line immediately Marcus Mariota will be just like Jake Locker. I believe Mariota has the talent but he is going nowhere with that offensive line.

Edit: Shit, I replied to the wrong comment. 
Lol that bear hug
You mean Chris Jones? 
Draft Williams and trade Mo Wilks? Fuck me in the ass I hate this 
UR A CLOWN PAINT UR FACE
Yup if you have a huge need, teams will jump you so hard
BAH GAWD THAT'S A SURPRISE
They're the real victims of the NFL!
He's fat
Thanks for not bringing up anybody's death Suzy. Much better interview. 
haha ya i watched the first bit of it last year for the first time and it can be fairly inclimatic at times expecialy if your a pats fan, just a fun thing to bulshit to and have a few... beers.
So fucking close :(
FUCK, THE JETS ARE GONNA GET WILLIAMS.
Welp Steelers are mad.
How do you feel about the pick now?
WILLIAMS TO DROP TO THE PACKERS. I don't know what we'd do with him, but I want him. Please let it happen!
UNLIKE THESE DRAFT PICKS, I NEVER LAST TEN MINUTES 
He definitely showed promise last year. 
Not a single trade in the top ten. What is going on?!?
drafting on need makes one the Jets. 
ohhh dayyyummm

I'm fucking shaking
White/Parker still on the board...
*Shots* fired?
I feel like a Jewish kid on Christmas morning.
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON
Interesting spellings of the name Eric so far in this draft..
Come on Browns, bring us some wackiness.
Sonofabitch
trade? 
Oh damn. Jets gonna steal Leonard Williams.
Jesus these fucking ads.
The Eagles are about to try double drafting Mariota. Never been done before. A bold strategy, Cotton.
Those boos.
Hi. We'll take him off of your hands.
Wtf since when do people here think Williams is 10x better than Cooper. Both will be stars at the next level, one just plays for offense and one plays for defense 
Just saw that. 2 firsts and a third and fletcher cox right? Crazy to turn that down.
I think the Falcons should take Nelson Abygyaghrohagor because it would be hilarious.
Where careers go to die [before they even begin].
Not Perriman or Dorsett or DGB
Which was still the top 10..... So it would still be true. He wouldn't have dropped lower with a healthy knee.
That seems like an absolute steal for the Lions, Broncos must REALLY like whoever they're aiming for.
How the hell do you mispronounce Mariota. Ridiculous.
Oh, Ryan Leaf.
So is that basically like an NFL "Spirit Award"?
You have until midnight.
wisconsin sucks
Checks out.

Source: Jags fan

Good fit
It looks like his Beats sponsorship is in full swing already. 
Can't wait to see a Green or Gold fountain in Chicago!
SHIT. Perriman or Dupree then.
he was getting manhandled in the Ravens playoff game
I knew Jones and Brown would be gone. I still had slim hope for Randall. At this point I'm looking for us to take Eric Rowe or Ife Ekpre-olomu at corner in the 2nd and Quentin Rollins at safety in the 3rd.
Lmao
Someone take all the RT's so the Browns don't
Why does Gruden keep saying Shelton is out of Utah?
That's probably the real reason for the delay between "PICK IS IN" and the time the pick is actually announced.
It's been a long time coming.
Fucking Skins. 
I think Tennessee would be better off with a proven guy at the QB than another young guy leading the offense. If they can get more picks out of it for position players, all the better
Isn't that the plan anyways? Lol
The only thing high about Gordon is his rushing yards.
lol how is it a homer question?
That is a poorly made knockoff. This guy spent no ore than 30 bucks on it.
Fowler is good but I am SHOCKED they didn't go Williams or Cooper...congrats Raiders.
I think the Bills, Jets and Phins realized we sucked at drafting QBs. So we should destroy their QB. 
Rams plan to answer "No."
Dude you can't not want a player becuase of their race. Not cool.
ME TOO. HAVE A GREAT DRAFT WEEKEND.
>I need an obnoxious /s tag thrown in my face before I can recognize obvious sarcasm.
Maybe you all will forget? 
Am I tripping?!
Coloring between the socks and edge of the uniform red makes it look like a onesy.
thats unfortunate. those actually look pretty good. Besides the raiders did originally play in black, gold and white.
I really think they picked him with the intentions of trading him. Maybe the Eagles trade up to 12 and make something happen
Literally every single player is "lightning in a bottle."
I think it's more people are surprised it wasn't Landon Collins. Doesn't mean it's a bad pick I mean it was an area of need for yall.
Rushing the passer > Good cornerbacks
That hair though 
[Incorrect. Another has a more valid claim.](http://i.imgur.com/TwwYY.jpg)
Wanted Beasley over White too :(
[Eagles Offered Two First Round Picks, 3rd Round Picks and Fletcher Cox + Several Other Players to move up to 1st or 2nd - NFL Network](https://streamable.com/a5bt)

I guess we'll see what happens with the Titans.
Damn. [My Photoshop of Mariota in a Bucs uniform](http://i.imgur.com/6FRau68.png) is useless
We got a great player at a position of need. Maybe Williams would have been better but it's way too early to laugh at this pick.
I find stuff like this super interesting. I'm fascinated by the thought process, the strategy involved, and the scenarios they prepared for. 
Yeah I went in wanting a pass rusher, but after our pick at 31 I realized we needed an ILB so much more. 
And Dolphins with WR
Nice shaky camera ESPN 
Damn it.
I don't like this, I would have rather go Defense and get a RB im the second. Hope I'm wrong.
Malik Jackson should be good inside, still. Now if Wolfe and Williams can make good on the flashes they've shown, that DL is gonna be scary.
The NFL hates the jags. That was obvious from the moment their schedule was released. They don't even try to hide it anymore :b
[Me in r/eagles right now](http://i.imgur.com/rJzIBSS.jpg) 
they all happened the first two days of free agency
Brandon Scher---- Oh. [Oops!](http://replygif.net/i/858.gif)
And it's down.
It sounds like they're WOOOOOOOing 
unlucky you
NINERS PLEASE GET PARKER
Same size as Maclin and ran the same 40 time. Pretty much our replacement. He'll be good with Matthews 
Jesus, this year is so different.

I FUCKING LOVE IT.
They've probably had it since last week, it's just for show
He's just not that into you.
What what?
Well even if we go with Armstead, we at least have a lot more picks.
Maybe Duke Johnson in the 2nd round?
psyche!
Somewhere Doug Martin is crying tears of sympathy...
We can get good value in the second or third for a WR. This pick would have been a best player available and also fits a need. 
Fellow Lions fan! He will be okay for a season or two, but is 32 and only getting older.

I'm honestly very okay with an impact player now while only dropping 5 spots and a couple extra picks.
I kinda like the jags interested to see if they go WR or DL 
[Dropped](https://gfycat.com/DimpledElderlyHermitcrab)
We'll see.
Especially with Wade being a creative blitzer.

Sweet Jesus I'm excited. 
Winston to the bucs? Shit there's my mock draft...
DJANGOOO!!!!
Rams also say, Fuck your rules Mel.
PICK IS IN

Kevin Johnson? Interesting
Oh my god the Titans are RETARDED.
Bad pick. I would have gone with Williams and snagged the best WR to fall to them at 36. 
Hopefully the Rams nab Petty. But I guess we need an O-line. 
I guess, ugh I just wasted a whole night though 
NFL network
OH GOD WILLIAMS IS GONNA DROP TO THE BEARS
Don't know why you're getting downvoted, it can't be by Bucs fans, we've been discussing this already. VJax has 1 year left on his contract, and we need to pick up another WR to eventually fill the #2 spot.
Can never have enough of those.
6 7 in a DE. That's very tall for a defender
NOT THIS AD FUCK
Oh Mayock
My Eagles draft thread is really annoying right now.
You're sure about that... yet Palmer went out pretty damn early last year. Also, assuming a catastrophic injury is likely again is just absurd. Any thing can happen, but what is likely is far different. 
how about no.....
He even matches the color scheme 
Goat
Did Mort just call him Martus?
Chip Kelly spent the night running naked through back alleys in Philadelphia high on bath salts and reeking of toilet wine. He will be making picks based on the advice of Mumbly Joe who he met around the burn barrel. 
DOUBLE LOL 
 
Although I feel really bad for Williams.
Yes, all those first round RBs that have won Super Bowls with the team that drafted them...so many of them.


He's not totally off base...RB is the most replaceable position by far.
please consume this upvote.

well played, sir
"With the 7th overall pick in the 2015 draft, the Chicago Bears, select, Brent Hundley, QB, UCLA"

That stupid enough for you?
Damn he can smoke as much as he wants in Denver.
65% booing Jets fans
I'd rather have him because the drop off between him and the next few RB's is pretty big IMO.
Ain't that the fuckin question.
God imagine if they take Mariota.
dank
28th pick, Manny Ramirez, and 2 5ths :/
Run blocking isn't too much of a problem. It's pass blocking.
I guarantee none of these players give a fuck about the Bose headphones 
Brady is going to be dead by week seven
Scot McCloughan had him 3rd overall on our board, so in him I'll trust.

For now.
Then we'll trade back for a million picks. Buuut I think Williams is #5 either way. 
no love for byron jones?
Anyone could see this coming.
I'm personally fucking stoked. I am legitimately excited for one of our picks. This is cool. Very cool.
Patriots traded the 32nd pick to Houston. Big drop there, must be multiple pick involved.
Dupree or Parker would be good picks for Miami. Dupree is my suggestion. Parker is my guess. Melvin Gordon is going to go way too early and pretty soon (Cle, at 19?)
4th and a 5th lol worth it imo
Vikings select DB Trae Waynes
So bears either get White or Williams now im guessing 
Time for a trade?
What did they do wrong? Winston may have gotten a phone call, they announced nothing.
Limited commercial breaks? Yeah, sure.
He is. He honestly just talks too much.
Hi.
It's called a joke. 
I love you for not editing "Brain" to "Brian."
More so ILB then right? Since they got HaHa last year?
Illegal use of break dancing. 5 yards, repeat first down. 
Not if it's your buddy.
Oh god, if the Raiders fuck everything off and choose White. I'll be done
I feel this is obvious. No way they keep all 3 of them.
I am not sure what we're arguing about? I said the NFL will allow different helmets used throughout the season in certain cases, like throwbacks(aka, team alt).
Good pick, carr needs some weapons
I'm sure they will.
seems a little premature 
Damn. Would've loved to see a star on his helmet
I like what you have to say. Say more things! 
Probably just an example of two different scouting departments coming to very different conclusions on a player. Packers thought he would be a good fit, Colts did not and had him graded much lower. It happens, we'll see how it turns out. 
AND WHY ARE THREE OF THEM IN OUR DIVISION
shocker
nooooope
Depends on how that contract works out. I see he's got a $1.6 million bonus that Denver might still be on the hook for. If that's a roster bonus then it's on us, if it's a signing bonus proration, that's Denver's problem.
Shaky camera
Works for the Texans.
Why do I feel like gruden is just writing SPIDER 2Y BANANA in his notebook repeatedly
You can't predict stupid. 
http://www.houseofsparky.com/2015/4/30/8525111/asu-football-damarious-randall-2015-nfl-draft-Green-Bay-Packers

Edit: http://www.houseofsparky.com/2015/4/30/8520095/damarious-randall-draft-profile

I'm a biased ASU fan, so I'm not going to share my thoughts. Happy for Randall, and I think this can be good for all parties involved, but I do have to say I'm surprised.

Edit: Oh and we're the PAC-12 now just FYI
I live in St Pete. There is nothing here. Please stay on the Tampa side Jameis
Muh nostalgia.
that would be great for us, we don't kid ourselves with Manning, see what we have with Brock, and AP in Kubiak offense? God damn I would do that in a heartbeat.

I'm of the opinion that Manning will never win us a SB at this point because he will be super banged up at the end of every season now
Didn't they pick a WR early last year? Cody Latimer or something like that.
He got the best anniversary gift possible.
MVP

Well this intro is going to have me switch over to NFL Network.
hmm
some solid CBs left for Green Bay. sweeeet.
People in attendance:

10% Draft prospects
20% Teams drafting
65% Jets fans
5% Fans of other teams
 Gruden is killing it with his knowledge right now
IMMA TAKE THE BALL DEEP

TAKE THE TOP OF THE DEFENSE
Well Dan Quinn is obviously way more qualified than either of us and he said he loved the way Beasley looked on tape so I will just trust his judgement. 
We have bigger needs and there are plenty of good WRs in this class.
https://cbsphilly.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/mariota1.jpg?w=600&h=338&crop=1
I TRUST IN SLICK RICK!
I'm worried for him. He could be successful for you because you have a lot of young talented receivers and a fantastic TE in Walker but your O-Line might just get him killed like Locker and Mett.
Oh booey!
Doing Gods work, Lobo!!!
Mainly because CB wasn't a need, while LB was, and Bud Dupree is on the board.
Unless we trade back until we have 23 picks in the 7th round, in which case all Rutgers players should still be available. 
Sadly I don't think this pick ends well, when we're looking back 5 years down the line.
1/1
fuck I wanted Waynes so badly...
This was such a stupid pick but all I see is other Giants fans going "OMG OLINE AWESOME", this dude's a project and when your QB is 34 years old a project is a terrible pick 
Now I'm glad Dyson didn't get that yard!

*runs away crying*
Praying for the Titans to surprise and draft L. Williams, allowing for the Jags to make the trade of the century!
LET'S GO
Noooooooooo was really hoping he would somehow fall to us at 10. 
UCF student who watched a lot of games

he wasn't even our best receiver 
With the 1st overall selection in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft the Edmonton Oilers select Marcus Marioto.
Highlights https://youtu.be/BaSVw_Xn22c
JUST TELL ME WHO THEY'RE PICKING DAMN IT
Steelers gonna get Ray
Leonard Williams sounds like a name from Black Dynamite
Well, they're not a non-profit anymore
He is going to come out pissed with some scores to settle.
Dre Kirkpatrick and Darqueze Dennard better step up this year. We're going to need them for a while. 
Ah yes, the glory years of the Alex Smith + David Akers regime
What a steal for the Steelers
Trade Please
Someone's down voting other people to get to the top and we all know who it is
Dupree
Doesn't start at the stroke of 8pm. Goodell had to do his little speech.
Redskins fans all just jizzed in their fucking pants
"A few years ago" McNair was drafted.
nah
What was the eagles offer? I must of missed it
I wanted booing, damn it.
Just bigger, faster, stronger, younger, and better blocker
Lol Vikings only get 1 first round pick this year wat a bunch of loserz!
So say we all
I would too if I was drafted to play RB in the NFCW behind that O-line.

And in the fucking Rams to top it off.
MARCUS MARIOTO!!
alex flanagan is in san diego for us, 2 spots, alex flanagan is in san diego for us, 2 spots, alex flanagan is in san diego for us, 2 spots, alex flanagan is in san diego for us, 2 spots, alex flanagan is in san diego for us, 2 spots, alex flanagan is in san diego for us, 2 spots, alex flanagan is in san diego for us, 2 spots, alex flanagan is in san diego for us, 2 spots, alex flanagan is in san diego for us, 2 spots, alex flanagan is in san diego for us, 2 spots
Gruden thinks this is Tennessee's greatest night ever because they can take Mariota.
Fucking eagles fans. Your cheesesteaks suck.
Fuck yeah, I grilled up some Big Mack Attacks and poured some Derek Carr bombs at my last Raiders tailgate. Next time I'll throw some Chicken Coop tenders on there while blasting some AC/DC Back in (silver and) Black.
LOL. Man I posted on the Titans sub like a month ago suggesting that it would be best for their team to not take Leonard Williams and instead get Fowler, Mariota, or trade down for Shelton. I got ran out of that forum like I was speaking blasphemy. Eat it, all you fans that called me crazy. Although I will say, I have rooted for the Titans since the McNair/George days and I love Mariota, so I will root for you.
It's a smart pick.
Winston by light years. 
if he's healty then those Seahawk vs ram games are gonna be so epic, now only if stl can get a legit WR
Wasn't really any a doubt there with Marshall gone.
THE NERVES ARE REAL
Jags don't fuck around.
Don't disrespect the pass rush potential.
No, you guys are just the ones who have the most fun on draft days. Last year you trade raped the Bills and drafted Johnny Fuckin Football, I was even cheering for you guys. I mean, they are smart picks, just.... boring
2 RB's in the top 15? Unexpected to say the least.
Point and laugh everyone!
Stafford wasn't great against them last year.
you know how I know you're an optimist?
So Davis, Kuechly, and Thompson? Jesus.
Vodka?
Definitely like them better than I thought I would with that little snapchat preview.
*ball swat celebration
Not sure I like it, but I really think Gurley goes here.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
That looks terrible with our helmets.
Wait I thought Houston traded up?
Dupree>
you mean by dumping him for a HOF Kurt Warner? I'd do that 10/10. 
RB in the first round... What year is it? 
How many people's last words were "LEONARD WILLIAMS" tonight?

bucs have had busts at defensive end recently, I'll take my chances with the QB
I understand. I'm a Titans fan.
Niners picked up the most obvious bust in this draft. Hopefully for them he puts in the work to become an NFL caliber player. 
FACE
Pick in
The Bucs are also negotiating with you, apparently.
the green room was amazing
Foles running the read-option with Gurley/Mason....
How will the Browns blow this year's draft? 
Vikings legend confirmed
He is exactly Jeremy Maclin's size...
Heartbreaking, I think?
Yup, now it's just time to run up the score.
Because Roger Goodell is a fucking twat, and people were booing him!
Yeah, he did.
Out-physicaled
forgot about jones. Id be ok with jones 
I'm on my phone and can't see flair, I assumed you were a bears fan...and now I feel like a jackass. WHOO who we gonna trade down to this year?!?! Lol I don't like the rest of the picks 
You're much more optimistic than I.
"Move on up" Chipper heard that
Bud Dupree, Danny Shelton and DeVante Parker still available with 3 picks before us. Expecting all 3 to be gone by 15 lol
Lol, Grigson is 0-2 so far not named Luck. Better not be 0-3. 
Does Kiper's mouth movements look strange to anyone else?
No they haven't, you're being ridiculous. 
FUCK YEAH
What...
This kid is genuinely giddy in his ESPN interview
He is a horrible starter, but there is nothing wrong with him as a 5th reciever. He is obviously overpaid, but we have no choice there. 
No what about if you have two good corners? Does the saying still apply?
Laken Tomlinson, a good player and sounds like an even better dude.
This is gonna be a letdown!!!!
And then the Pats take Collins. Wouldn't that be a hoot?
We've got 11 picks and need OL help, wouldn't be surprised to see Seattle giving it a gamble.
BOOOOO
When was the last time the Raiders drafted a WR in top 5? 
3% is bodybuilder on stage. They reach that level for a week at most. Terrell was probably around 8 or 9
Left tackle for Texas A&M. Played Right tackle the year before. Tore his ACL after the end of the season.
That's a really solid pick
Calm down Chip
Our *entire team* didn't look good...
Maybe not enough ... 
They press it after the pick is in. That's why they don't announce it immediately.
He gets caught from behind all the damn time. His speed is nothing but mediocre. Watch him a bit.
So it's your first draft then?
I can see the concern, but when we had to before, he was solid. Also might not hurt since he is aging a bit.
The AFCN had three playoff teams last year. In the past five years they've sent 11 teams. They also have two super bowl appearances in that time with one win.
CHIP KELLY USED UP ALL THE TRADES BEFORE THE DRAFT! HE USED THEM ALL. THERES NO MORE. 
So, now, the 49ers have 10 picks in this draft: 1st (17), 2nd (46), 3rd (79), 4th (117, 126, 132), 5th (151), 6th (190), 7th (246, 254)
... Who is Josh Gordon Pt. II?

In all seriousness, he'll either be a top 5 receiver or a complete bust. 
Gotta trust the man with the plan. Maybe we roll out a brand new ILB-less defensive scheme.
The Jets are waiting out trade offers - no pick in.
Yea he is. He climbed the lists quickly over the last while, but I think that teams didn't want to take the risk of a combine creation. Although the Niners seemed more than willing.
Good pick for the Steelers. Who does Denver take? Perriman? Welker is gone, Thomas is gone -- Demarius is pissed. They take Perriman in my mind
You weren't suprised Schreff was taken 5? Over Williams?
***Bud Dupree to the Texans***
Cooper is going to beast in the NFL. Incredible talent, super chill, and hardly speaks. Practically the next Lynch.
what? he seem really chill and positive to me
> Product of volume

That's the term for a Jeff Fisher running back that I've been looking for for years.
*sigh* 
Morris Claiborne?
In my head, I saw the Vikings choosing Waynes or Parker. Maybe Parker goes to the Browns.
NFLN is doing the same.
Fresh meat for Yanda
Wow, thats very high for Flowers.
ok cool, thanks. I would assume drafting someone raw would be fine for a team that's kind of rebuilding. I don't know the 49ers that well, though. 
# THAT'S IT RAMS, TRADE DOWN TRADE DOWN. I SWEAR TO CHRIST IF YOU PICK PARKER I WILL FLY TO CHICAGO AND PUNCH YOU IN THE DICK
Give the kid a break, this is probably the biggest moment in his life and they shove a mic in his face and expect him to say something profound. I'd be rambling on trying to piece together some semblance of a sentence. 
and then we pick again... and again!
Chip Kelly drawing the wild card I see
A QB with talent too!
This isn't the second round yet.
Noice!!
Like /u/lol_what_is_effort said, all the DBs we would have wanted were gone at this point, and OLB is arguably as big a need or bigger than DB was. Great pick for us.
Huh....

Gotta love that they song they're going with was "Move On Up" remix and not one trade... 
Pros/; fast, really fast, can contest, quick feet.

Cons; hands inconsistent, mediocre route running.

cons are a skillset that can be addressed, hopefully
Just remember- if you think you can fly, take off from the ground, not a window.
Go ahead and hide behind your NFC flair. 
Either they don't know who to take (which I doubt), or they are actually fielding serious offers.
Big ben
I wanted Gurley. I'm fine with Parker though.
THAT is a helluva reach
They're excellent at run blocking. I know Rg3 caused a lot of pass blocking problems by moving away from his protection but mckoy and cousins were taking a ton of quick sacks as well. Hopefully the new line coach has a good plan to fix those issues.
How easily people forget about Trung Candidate. 
I mean, they don't pick until #63, there was really no chance he was going to fall *that* far.
Lol, strong boo's for Roger Godell
Only 13 more picks until we can call it a night, I can do it. Maybe.
Not to mention he's old
Landon Collins to the Eagles confirmed?
Well, shit. 
AHEM!
Vikes have the makings of an AWESOME young secondary. Xavier Rhodes and Trae Waynes across from each other with Harrison Smith playing centerfield. Huge potential.
Hahaha!
Williams biggest steal of the draft 
He's gone from a mobile quarterback to an immobile quarterback.
Harsh, but true. 
So the next to picks are obvious, Leonard Williams then Amari Cooper
His whole family could beat the Rams D-Line
Absolutely not.
It was a joke...
What? That's a fantastic pick.

Omg
WALK FASTER ROGER. 
We can only hope...
Welcome! Enjoy it! Best non-sporting sporting event in the world! Have a team you like?
Run blocking will actually happen now.
OH YEAH FUCK I FORGOT THEY JUST STARTED THE CLOCK.
Oh God, we have to face Suh and Suh 2.0 4 times every year... I think we should invest in the OL. 
THE FALL IS OVER! 

RIP BRADY
Lol my phone does it for some reason. 
That Winston to Evans connection will be sexy
http://imgur.com/a/3nHM2

posted by fivedime
Then this thread will come back to bite all of the people laughing in the asses.
Those lines can get long man.
4-3 defense coming soon! 
Shelton, probably
Damn. From that video, Gruden might be right.
OH JESUS THANK GOD
I fucking hate that. I fucking hate that so much.
"ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO FOR US" played like ten times in a row
Chiefs take the kid who got kicked off his team.
Why would they trade up 2 for Gordon? Houstons not gonna take him
GREAT PICK. GO BROWNS
I guess '04 WAS a good year.
He reminds me more of Roddy White, or maybe Kevin Love.
Neither has anyone else...
You're confusing purebred with inbred.
Why no Marioto D:
Washington killed JFK. Think about it, man.
We must really like MM then 
[Our GM if Williams falls to us.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CD4VqxzVIAAhoTE.jpg:large)
For a No Spoilers thread, I've seen a lot of spoilers so far. Was hoping I'd be able to get away with following the draft on reddit, but I might have to call it a lost cause.
Wow I did not expect Perriman to go in the 1st round TBH
marcus marioto!
FUCKING STEELERS!
Colts to pick a QB in the 2nd round and a punter in the 3rd. Probably a TE in the 4th...why not?
2 of Shelton, Dupree, Parker there for the Saints. Pretty ideal
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Yes we do... I am hoping ASJ can stay heathly at TE this year. 
How about volume tackling in a scheme that has had games where they blitz on over 75% of the plays?
That girl looked reallly nervous
[Raiders fans right now.](http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/t_original/cwjgw5bgecelarfsp7s8.gif)
According to scouting reports BP has that extra gear as well. 
We want Collins lol. 
Fuck... now Oregon is going to be even more flooded with these 49ers fans.
I KNOW HE DID NOT JUST COMPARE COOPER TO RICE
Huh. Hopkins just tweeted out that Kevin Johnson was the best CB he ever played against. He's turning me around on that pick.
Lol what? Their O Line is garbage bro. 
God damn, Leonard to the Jets? The bills, Dolphins, and jets are all coming after Brady this year
http://i.imgur.com/VtDxDxj.png
Off the field, yes.

On the field? Not so much.
I thought the Pats traded this pick to Houston?
DO NOT PICK WHOM I THINK YOU WILL PICK.
got ems
"NO NO NO" - YOU
A football player
Re Chicago's pick - "I guess that's what the fans wanted!"

So..probably a terrible pick...?
He watched his brother die, so it is that much worse.
Jeffery and White vs Rhodes and Waynes. Could be some good matchups for a long time in them games.
4th rounder this year and a 5th rounder next year
Honestly I think if we leave SD, Phil will just retire. 
God be with us.
PLEASE 
Protect all the QBs!
I understand that Mariota's skill set helps him out in this situation, but if the O-Line is so bad that Mett "would never have worked out," that isn't good for *any* QB, not matter how quick and savvy he is. 
damn sorry man
Now that Mariota is a Titan, Chip had better come up with some magic soon. Dig deep, Chip.
This is hilarious, I'm almost in tears from laughter 
He isn't ready for anything.
Travis frederick
"The Browns pick is in.... Please not me!"
-Every player left on the board.
Good pck
JJ watt
What did we give up?
Gotta make it to the field if your gonna tear it up
We are with the 1st 5 but all the depth is gone now. Evans and Strief are long in the tooth and Saints use alot of 6 lineman formations. Plus, no Jimmy Graham, you got to expect teams to ploy that extra defender at the #1 threat, Brees.
Is there a cat next to you?
That niners fan

"YAYY I DON't know who that is."

did i miss something? Someone taking 5 secs and a guy having a shock face?
Trade for Mett. Come on Bills do it
Yessir! 
C'mon. Why Lions?
Tre is a beast, but he's still going to get plenty of carries. We're going to be extremely run heavy and they're going to be conservative with Gurley.
I LOVE THAT TWINKLE. THANKS PATS BROS
If the records are tied, the tiebreakers determine the first round, then you alternate picks in each round. So TB and TT had the same record but TB won the tiebreaker they get rounds 1.3.5.7-1 while TT get 2.4.6-1. 
He doesn't. No chance this guy starts at safety, Morgan and HaHa were both fantastic last season.
You need them
Next pick throws a haymaker at Goodell. The crowd finally cheers.
Rhymes with dragon. Not ore-uh-gone. Closer to ore-again.
He got over paid so badly. 
The Jets are gonna take Williams. Man they have a nasty D
im nervous
WINSTON!!!
Mayock 4/11, Kiper 5/11, McShay 4/11
I can't imagine why we'd take Gordon. Foster, Polk, Blue, and Grimes. Foster is great and Polk and Blue are very serviceable. We have much greater needs...like CB.
#OH. MY. GOD.
Lol I think WR was the last think they needed though, especially since TY and Moncrief are both pretty fast already
ALL HE DOES IS WINSTON
are you kidding me? he has to keep walking back and forth?
Damn still not williams. Wtf. 
Shouldn't sports be *entertaining* above all else? This would qualify as entertainment for a lot of people. Sacrifice your team for the greater good!
YO NOT WILLIAMS WE LIVIN IN THE AFCWEST
That Saints fan made the pick, that eh, alright attitude
sidebar /r/kansascitychiefs
http://imgur.com/a/3nHM2

Actually he seems to be doing pretty well. Dupree seems like the only whiff so far. 
so the leonard williams pick means that the pats get revis back via tampering?
SAINTS ARE TAKING ANDRUS PEAT!!!!!!
the hell does indy need with that? they gonna run nothing but 4 WR set verts all game?
DANNY SHELTON FINED
He has a pretty good reputation on campus, if that helps anything.

Source: live in Madison.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Goodell should just mockingly as fuck boo into the microphone.
I think I saw where it was posted that it was him, someone screwed up lol
Are they giving up on HA HA already? 
DeVante Parker
Easy to say now. 
Fair.

I am not an expert on all the players in the draft, but all I knew about him is that he is talented but there is some off field stuff dropping him on draft boards.
"AUTO-SAVE? WHAT IS THIS BULLSHIT"
I'm surprised but I'm not upset.
I'm guessing he will play right guard this year and center the following year
yeah /u/Barian_Fostate got'em. ;) I'm hopeful
well that was anti climatic
Twitter
i nene too hard here and have to wait many time for comment
He's probably going to play RT
Eh, just someone else Cutler can throw to that will be intercepted
Damn. I thought that was a sure thing.
Stone Cold Dan Quinn will make him strong!
YESSSSS!
Good pick.
Plz Punter. 
I'm just going to call that last name Og.
on fleek
*Implying he'll start*
#NO PARKER DAMMIT
Damn. I wanted him.
Wow, the Jets really do have some ass-ugly fans.
He looks the part
Its the one night a year everyone remembers the Titans
Mel did coke before showing up for work.
Holy shit if the jets get Leonard 
It wasn't a sure thing by any means that we would draft a WR first round. 
This draft is going exactly the way the Falcons needed it to. 2 picks away with Williams, Beasley, and all the other pass rushers still available
They don't call me Mcballerster mcballs mcgee balls balls for nothing. 
Wait, am I the only one watching on NFL network and not ESPN?

I live in China and pay for NFL gamepass.
Im okay with this. Wanted Malcolm Brown but Claiborne was a bust and we need DB's with the Giants receiving corps. 
Saints drafted Stephone Anthony
Pick is in!!!!!
I'm 2 for 2 let's keep it rolling 
and Cutler right?
Oh I don't know, Joe Haden is pretty good.
They have to pick up Garret Grayson because of the LA move.
Fucking chargers man helping the 49ers. Fuck you guys.
Love me a good lobster boil!
just un fucking believable. 
Gruden and Mel going at it!
MARIUCCI FOR PRESIDENT.
HE'S OURS
why? explain it to me, because I don't understand. I thought this guy was a 2nd round wr
Hideous
Yeah he looks to small
THIS MAKES LOSING WILFORK FEEL LESS SAD.
You guys surely weren't taking him, got 2 picks for nothing. 
Reeeaaaachhh
No results.
Niiiice
10... 9... 8...
DA UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
LA Times NFL writer Sam Farmer says brace yourselves for trades
Holy shit jags picked quickly 
Pls. I beg of you 
You and me both. I don't want to watch the Titans play football next year.
Still a better pick than Brandon Weeden.
Gaybor is pretty much like half of Ybor now. If you have not noticed it, you have blinders on or you have not been down there in years.
https://i.imgur.com/XXxFSnU.gif
Inb4 someone remakes that Hitler video with Chip Kelly's fake reaction to Mariota getting drafted by the Titans
People from northern Ohio do because there's a city named Oregon that's pronounced like that. This guy is an idiot though, Goodell said it right.
It is too much, but if they really wanted a RB you have to be wary of the Texans. Arian Foster will be 29, is quite close to 1400 att, and has injury history. On top of that, after Gordon the RB prospects are barren in comparison to Gordon/Gurley level of talent. 
Good thing there's still six rounds of drafting left.
Thats not really that bad. He can play until they fall apart.
Every fucking time
You motherfucking Cardinals swiping Humphries from us. This is cause of the play-offs isn't it? :(
I like the 'not drafting a douche' strategy from the browns this year
***Saints select Clemson LB Stephone Anthony.***
And rape for few.
Me: Wait, when did the Texans trade with the Cowboys...oh
Remember this day when you are 6-10
not really sorry for not following college sports, I only knew mariota, jameis and williams.
Yeah I really wanted agholar. So much receiver talent in the first round the last two years, and we have 4 picks and walked out with not a single offensive weapon.
St. Louis loves their dread head running backs
We picked up Hairston and Franklin. What do you think about taking a defensive player with our second pick (Ray? Philips?) and taking La'El Collins with the third?
No never mind im a dumbass
GUYS @jeffphowe on twitter is spoiling picks!
[TAKE A LOOK AT ROSTER MICHAEL!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7WAy8ENJ2Y)
Williams falling fast. 
Ohhhhh boyyyyy.
Duval = Jacksonville (Duval County)
just stirring the pot ;)
NO ALL THE GOOD CBs ARE GOING AWAY
It's the BPA vs drafting for need debate. Kevin White has the potential to be the best offensive player in this draft, but everybody knows we need defense. I prefer getting the best player rather than reaching for a defensive guy like Beasley.
COLTS
He's not, lol. 
Finally, the names Marcus Mariota and the Eagles will no longer be joined at the hip.
Fans gonna fan man anyway we have the Texas Hammer
All I got out of your comment was Pat White.
Mazel tov!
Giants go Shelton? Dupree? 
Nope. It would say trade, or at least show the other logo.
Ha, no gordon for you, cowboys!
RIP IN CHIPS CHIP KELLY :((((
Sooooo I haven't been on Reddit all day, who's DGB and what is this referring to?
As an ASU fan, I hate to say it but this guy is terribly over rated. He makes some plays, but his terrible tackling at the safety position really, really cost us in many games. I wish him the best but I don't understand how he's seen as a 1st round pick. 
NO FUCKING WAY. 
I'm content with the pick, but I would have preferred Devante Parker.
Even so, did you really believe Shaq was the BPA?
I have that same suit
This is nervewracking, holy boats
FFFUUUUUCCCKKKKKK
They should have booed Goodell more
Dammit
They didn't, that rumor was false
I don't think a rb gets drafted at 10 to compete for snaps. Logic says he is the back and Tre Mason will be backup and cunningham at 3, while stacy is probably gone.
Winston, Mariota, Fowler, Cooper, Beasley, Shelton, Gordon (right team), Armstead, Perriman.
Carolina or the Jets. Shaq is an absolute beast and will dominate in the NFL for the Panthers. But Williams was the best player in the draft, and to get him at #6 is a huge steal for the Jets.
Or because he genuinely looks at different things. Don't hate just because he does this for a living.
Little afraid. Not gonna lie. 
15 for 17, an odd for an odd, worst case scenario. Dammit
WUT?!
This gif will never get old. HOF gif right thur
HAHA REDSKINS 
Really well. We had our pick of everything we could have wanted, and I'm thrilled with tbe decision.
I'm pullin' for the Eagles!
Fisher, Collins, Marpet later 
WOWWWWW
Lots of Eagles fans have a crush on Nelson Agholor, pretty good pick for them.
I would have loved for Danny to go to San Diego (Not LA), awesome player, has my name, could have gone to my 2nd favorite team. Man, I'm sorry Brochachos
Yes can't wait to see what he does in our offense!!!
Steelers gonna steal.
"STOP MOCKING ARMSTEAD TO US!"
This is ideal 
what did Kiper do? Boomer pulls for the Bolts usually so I imagine he was excited for us but Gruden too?
Right? It's an awesome feeling.
NOOOO
Yes, and I like them too (most of the combos anyway), but when they got leaked a few hours before, everyone was up and down talking about how terrible they would be. Then they saw them in full and went "oh hey, not bad at all" 
Fabulous 
We're free!!!! 
Strief is on the older side
I don't like that we needed defense
Mason?
It's the fucking worst. One time I was making a run for a party and I was like 2 mins past the hour they stop and dude wouldn't sell it to me. I had to drive 45 mins to this town next me that's 24/7. Also they stop super early on Sundays.
Titans could have got away with murder
Goodell cant even pronounce his name. That's how out of touch with football he is.
Todd Bowles look like a created player on Nba 2k
Big Sun Devil fan and kind of surprised he went in the first as well. That being said, he is good in coverage and is a great tackler. Can play in the box and be effective. Surprised he went so high but he is a good player.
we didn't want him anyway
No trade, as expected.
Does anyone else see: "NEXT SD HOU" instead of SF?
http://i.imgur.com/G5S9rqq.gif
We don't need him. 
Twitter is ahead on everything. 
Another Trade. Give me that energy to stay until the last pick for the night. 
We're right here ;) 
firstrow have a stream - use the ESPN one
STUPID AS HELL
Nice job Goodell
Who was he throwing to, who was he handing off to, etc. That Titans team had very very very very few bright spots.
HOLY SHIT, THEY FINALLY TRADED!
Looking more and more like a trade-out for the Pats
is this her?

http://m.imgur.com/nxYPHpz
Remember, we smoked screened last year too. There was no way we went to #2 or #3 for Mariota, which was something we woulda had to do. We need a DT more than a WR, and Erving was less of a reach then some of the WR left. 
2 pm in Hawaii
potentially. Goodbye Adrian to pay for smith
There. Thats done. Yet I know I will wake up tomorrow to someoe on the radio suggesting a trade with the titans.
Smart. Don't fuck around with these "we're gonna bench him til he can get the speed of the game etc." We all know that never happens.
Woah Kevin Johnson as the second CB taken? I thought it would be Marcus Peters. 
Rob Sims left, so we went into this draft expecting to pick up a guard. I thought we did that with Manny Ramirez, but I guess either Ramirez is playing C over Swanson or will be our 6th man in case of injury.
BOOOOOOO

wait, what?
Fuck off. 
WOOOO!
Well, I'm definitely pulling for that guy.
They just did the boo at the beginning, as is tradition, but were pretty civil. Even with GB!
YES OH GOD I WANTED HIM SO MUCH
Gordon LOL
It's worked the last 3 years I guess...

He's really fucking good man
Russell Wilson?
thanks you too
Apparently the Steelers pick is already in LOL
Marcus Marioto lol
reporters are such fucking scumbags
after you just added Andre this makes no sense. You lost in the playoffs cause you can't stop the run. Malcolm Brown is still on the board. Dumb pick.
Heard Winston is getting his ears pierced this weekend, wonder how much it will cost. 
Probably a buck-an-ear ehhhhhhh
I think most people aren't loling at it, it's just about the most boring position you can draft. McCloughan's resume makes him trustworthy in my book, though (something you can probably attest to). If he thinks it's the best pick, then it's probably the best pick
Reach alerttt
There goes the player that I was afraid we'd get who I wanted the least. Thank God! Scherff sucks at pass blocking. He does make plays run blocking, but he misses assignments too. Not feeling bad about missing out on him. 
FINISH HIM
He holds it in his mouth
Did he just say Marcus Mariato?
Two minutes left!
So after Week 1 we'll know who is a bust and who is an all-pro? 
NOOOO!!!!
Well, we love a guy who helps us win. 
Leagues best guards
Good lord, is Houston going to do anything that isn't defensive this off-season?
That fucking guy with the face paint was super hyped with that pick.
Time to see how Cleveland is going to fuck this up!
Oh, I know. I'm not thick. But it's still silly.
Dissapointed this didn't happen :( 
2-3 Tomorrow
4-7 Saturday
You really couldn't go wrong between him and Leonard. Carr's going to be REAL excited
#2, when the fun begins 
Did we at least get a good player?
The kid seems talented, too bad he'll get shut down twice a year ;)
@FauxPelini: Mel Kiper, let's play the quiet game
You treat em good, you hear!
Teams don't start 6th rounders because they have nothing going for them. They'll find a vet somewhere if that were the case. The Titans were terrible last year, but the three starting QBs threw for 185, 179, and 146 attempts. Looking at the stats you can make a good argument that the rookie played the best. He had the most yardage, most yards per attempt, most TDs, and highest completion percentage. He had a better QB rating than Carr. Sure, Mettenberger didn't win any games in his 6 starts, but it took Carr 11 to win his first. 

Mettenberger is right to seek a trade though. With Mariota having a 2nd round pick spent on him they not only have to start him, they have to tailor the offense to his style of play. Mett should move on. 
It's a tough job
Remember when Chris Cook ran _REALLY_ close to Alshon over and over again, sticking to him like white on rice? And how he _never_ let him get even an inch open?!? And then when Cutler lobbed an easily knocked down ball, Cook watched it sail right by him into Alshon's hands... over and over and over again, refusing to knock it away?

That was super awesome! Too bad it won't be happening again. Trae Waynes actually has ball skills. As does Xavier Rhodes.
Weed is legal here Shane, cmon over!
Didn't fuck it up
And yet I haven't seen a mock draft that had him get past Cincy at 21... How is that possible?

[Here's what NFL.com scouts think](http://www.nfl.com/videos/nfl-network-path-to-the-draft/0ap3000000485201/Jeremiah-Arik-Armstead-could-be-a-top-10-pick)

Gotta remember that he was asked to do things in Oregon's scheme that don't apply to to what kind of player he projects to be in the NFL. Scouts are looking for different shit. I get that random Oregon fan didn't get the 14 sacks he was promised when they recruited the kid, but that simply means fuck all at the next level.
Hooray for random Cobb highlights
I dont like Leonard Williams in the north.
Now that this thread is over ... Anyone got any good plans for Friday?
Fuck yes. Now lets draft some defense Cowboys.
I hope he can play Cornerback.
https://i.imgur.com/snLplqq.jpg
o_O
..........now what?
God dammit ESPN. Why you gotta cut to that last second goal at the top of SC? Why you gotta do me that way?
Hold the line!
Yeah but I am just talking about what I think. I can't tell if you are defending the pick (you said you hated the idea of drafting Armstead if I read your previous post correctly), or just arguing with me for the sake of it.
Just trade down or take a lineman, please. 
Fucking NFL Network stream and their delays.
I'm pretty sure they can make it work. You don't need to have ideal fits all the time, sometimes that's how great things are created, by swaying from the norm.
If he learns to block for the team then he's back anytime.
I see where the agent is coming from. Teams tend to give their high-profile picks second, third, and fourth chances before giving the backups a shot. He'd have to outplay Mariota by a *significant* margin. If his performance is merely equal or just slightly better, he's toast.

That said I don't think Mett is anything special anyway.
What's with those CFL uniforms
pls no
Coulda seen that one coming. Some of our best players came from picks that were traded down for 
They look a whole lot less similar now than they did in the 60s/70s.

The only real difference was the Bengals helmets. The lack of a center stripe and the word "BENGALS" as a side logo was it. 
No such thing
WE GOT PARKER!! TANNEHILL HAS HIS GOD DAMNED WEAPONS! NOW FIX THAT GUARD POSITION!
Why. Why oh why are we doing this. I know we have to pay the man, but he's so goddamn good we should. Only possible thing I can think of is the front office thinks he'll sign with Rex next year.
Don't think he was the best RB prospect in this draft...
Oh no. Bless your heart.
Fuck Tuberculosis. RIP Doc Holliday. 
Na. Or I doubt it at least, I have no real clue.
oakland fans just jizzed
I'm sure that's probably Sebastian Janikowski

Edit: Yes, 17th pick in 2000.

To be fair he is STILL on the team. Good value.
Fuck I wanted him.
God I love Jon Gruden. I could listen to him talk about football all day.
*cries* Thanks for the reminder..
I thought it was an easy safe pick. We need DBs and that's a good one. It's not exciting, but it's good. 
Drunk mans flair is a sober mans thoughts.
Vontae Mack no matter what. 
Does anyone else think this was a bad choice?
Geez, it seems like Fisher is the only T left on the board now.
The Titans are making a terrible decision by not taking that deal. I say that as someone who is extremely high on Mariota.
Don't worry we will lol
There was no new rule. The rule your thinking of was out in place in the late seventies.
Yeah that was kinda fucked.
Humphries is gone. Went in the early 20's.
I'm clenching hard right now
Why? Harrison, Richardson, Wilkerson, Williams. 4 right there. Trade Coples.
About fuckin time
Look at his stats. He was the best pick for us at 14.
We've gotta do something. Yes our offense had its struggles but even when we got a rare lead, the defense couldn't hold up. Yes I know us not sustaining drives had some to do with the defense being gassed but even fresh we couldn't stop the run. 
Anyone have a link to watch that will work on a Galaxy S5?
I've said Bradford was their starting QB since they traded for him. It was obvious
Colin Cowherd is the leader of the fucking clown brigade. That time Dan Patrick trashed him was just absolutely incredible.
We'd take him! Sorry, I'm just not hyped for Gore. I hope he proves me wildly wrong, I really do.
> Then we can cut him. Salaries are lower. The "Jay Cutler is way too overpaid" narrative is so tired and so untrue.

He's almost 17 million per year, for two years, in his 30's, as a mediocre QB. He's not overpaid, he's just not a trade chip because he doesn't have market value. 
She knows what it's like to have a son that's a millionaire now 
Ehhhhhh....at #19? Seems high to me, but what do I know.
Maybe you can clear up what happened to stacy? He seemed like the man a couple years ago, then all of a sudden he wasn't used anymore
I think it's going to be Leonard, not Amari 
and the Saints take the guy the Packers should have taken. god damnit
All part of the plan 
Thank God.
Not my favorite pick but if he can get his hands squared away I guess he could turn out well. Definitely not as excited as last year 
He's a great player, but damn it feels like we go front seven every single year. 
Can't be a fan of 2 teams either IMO.
Definitely not a reach.
AWESOME GIF! SO EXCITED TO SEE JAMEIS TO EVANS FOR A DECADE!
you need to mind your own fucking business 
Best Friends with the Douches
And Danny Shelton is now suspended 2 games for assaulting Roger
I know! People turn in into fashion queens when it comes to uniforms. 
inb4 titans run out of time 
God some of you guys are impossible to please
RRRRRAARRGH NO NO NO
copycat league
Mariota> Winston 
vocal minority
You just gave me this theory. 5 years from now every time Winston and Wilson play they will say "he used to play baseball guys!" Instead of the basketball bs we hear 7 times during every chargers game. 
That Faulk guy was ok I guess. And Jackson was so-so /s
Granted, criminals aren't always the smartest bunch. But *if* La'el were behind the murder, why wouldn't he wait until after the draft?
Fucking boring.
Holy crap. How did the Titans not go for this?
FOWLER PLEASE!
Fuck you Kiper, saying Ray wasn't a 1st round.

SHANE RAY!

And he goes to a good team, I'm glad he fell to the bottom.
Might be leaving soon, also he's good OL depth could play elsewhere 
If they don't lose out on their guy, it will be fine. I just think that the Ramirez part of the trade is the bad part for them. He got wrecked a lot last year.
Safety eh Ted >_>
I don't think he's that good so i'm happy he went to Baltimore
This one time I had to shit at a camp ground but the toilets were do nasty I went in the showers shit on the drain and smashed it down with rapid footstomps. Of course I put in a quarter to clean up the mess. My point is Melvin Gordon is the best player of all time.
I'd imagine they would do them iron on to make it quick
Actually I wouldn't be opposed to us taking him in the 3rd
"Hold my dick Kiper"- Gruden probably
Why are people surprised...
Well you swapped picks. Just gained positioning 
It's not going to happen but I would be so happy if we traded back into the first to pick up Parker if he's still there late in the first round.

Edit: That didn't take long haha
"With the second pick of the 2015 draft, the Titans have decided to steal Jameis Winston from Tampa Bay. Tennessee has also stated 'no givesies backsies'"
like wtf
"It's settled, we take someone smart"

*"Booooooo dooo sooomething stuuupid"*

"Hey guys, I have an idea...."
You're a raiders Fan, you won't live up to expectation
Berman is going to keel over tonight. I've said it every night but I like the chances tonight
No spoilers!
You can field 11. And dammit if chip isn't going to try.
Damn 
Lol bucks
"Best RB to come into draft since AP." Last guy they said that about was Trent Richardson. Not saying he won't be good, but let's not act like he's a sure-thing.
Bubbles is a Jags fan!
The Todd Bowles Suicide Blitz will be re-born in New York
;(
I was thinking the same thing! Dude! It's on sticks! WTF is the deal!? Unless the platform they are on is shaking, which is a possibility...and horribly obnoxious. 
It was just for that first hour
Some men, just want to watch the world burn.
that's hilarious. where does he even play? I don't mind this at all from a patriots perspective.
This guy is going to be a huge ball hawk
if you are actually offering Two 1st rounders, a 3rd rounder, Fletcher Cox, Boykin, Kendricks, more.

Then they have to take it no?
Damn I'd fuck the shit out of Britt mchenry
They already had Jamal Lewis, it isn't that surprising.
Dont show the player you assholes.
I think it happens. The Jets don't really need a DT. Maybe they take him anyway, but I doubt it. 
Haha, I think I jinxed you guys. My bad.

Hey Cooper's a pretty good pick himself though, Carr will have a good receiver to work with.
Massie isn't really that amazing either.
Gotta make sure he knows how to properly mispronounce the player's name.
ALRIGHT BOYS LETS GO! SLICK RICK TIME BABY!
Patriots get an awesome pick there. God dammit.
That's insane, how do you turn that down? 
[Here is a great example!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89SKOBQTEuY)
or everything about your franchise for the last decade+?

glass houses man.
god help offensive lines playing the jets
Or you get all 32 picks right. It's still possible!
Ok, but then Brandon gets his turn with you after...
Because RIP Tom Brady. 
holy shit what is taking so long
Holy shit!!!! Can Williams slide to the Bears?!?!?!??!
He better...
The NFL Network wears Bose headphones while they beat off to pictures of Bose Headphones.
Really? not an oline man? all browns QB's are screwed 
Sorry Panthers.
It's alright bro. We've still got chubb. 
FUCK ESPN ONE PICK LEFT
We might need a center. I think we trade back.

Think we need a CB too.
They probably smoke Old Spice
Brown has an awful pSPARQ score, among the worst in NFL DTs. Not surprised we passed. Kendricks will be available later if we want to move up, and Collins I'm glad we passed on. Randall is a star who can play a variety of positions on D. I'm one of the few Packer fans who is happy with the pick. 
Shh, no other teams are allowed to trade up. Only the Chargers.
Did Chi/Mil end in the mercy rule? Tuned in half way through 3 and good lord.
And yet a lot of people seem surprised.
As an LSU fan, please god no.
Gotta be White right? 
Everyone is wearing bluetooth beats ear buds.

dat marketing
As a european can I watch this live anywhere?
Fuck me... I don't like that at all.
Need based pick
[The shoes that Dante Fowler wore tonight](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CD4gdzXUMAEeJ1Z.jpg:large)
He said Cincy fans! No cheating
Get 'em, Shelton
Always got these hot females trying to talk football. Fucking eye candy. 
Based wife
Office Space, not The Office. That's a TV show.
LETS GO DANNY SHELTON 
NFC has taken 2 tackles so far, trying to keep up with the O Lines of Philly and Dallas?
"Look who's on the clock!"

Nobody. Nobody is on the clock. You're stalling so goddamn much that the second round is already over.
1
When was the last time they were winless? They can't be that bad
He weighs over 220 lbs
Good pick up. Their secondary was bad last year
OHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGODOHGOD
Damn our pick is in already. Flowers? Shelton?

Edit: I am god
Fuck you steve
Oh my god.

Tagged

"Lewusvile."
Look another trade that's not chips
OBJ handled Sherman easily enough, Cowboys taking Jones incites 0 reaction from me. 
But especially Will McClay
Nobody they could rely on since Eric Dickerson and Jerome Bettis? How about the dozen or so year run they had with Marshall Faulk and Steven Jackson?
PLEASE TAKE MALCOLM BROWN
The Browns are being so....boring
Wow Cooper is a great player so salty
Nyssa
Are you guys ready to see what made Fireman Ed quit?
Shelton's wearing a pin with his own face on it lol
What the fuck did we do to you Jets?
Parker was there at 12
I would be so happy with Bud
The booing is getting stronger as the draft goes on
Boo..
Oh no doubt we needed a corner, it's really just the fact that he shot up boards after the Combine, and that usually scares me a bit.
Please don't pick Williams. Please don't pick Williams. Please don't pick Williams. 

Edit: Phew! Did not want to see him 2x a year. 
I wonder what Teddy said about ole boy that they didn't draft him. 
I love when Gruden gives sass to Kiper. 
THE U
god dammit.
OH NO
We're really pushing it to the limit here
Well then your opinion is wrong. I went to as many Steelers games last year as I did Lions. Grew up in a Steelers house in Michigan thanks to my dad being a lifelong fan.
Melvin Gordon high af
Giants say fuck you Mel.
ESPN here. 
Told y'all. Williams is overrated.
LOL that guy told Goodell to fuck off.
I think we're leading the field in nicknames, but I have to admit the Big Bang Theory is a strong contender.
Stop fucking posting spoilers
If the Titans pick Mariota I'll be very disappointed after all of the crazy trade talks. 
Eventually, yes
draftown USA is really the best name they could come up with?
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
***SURPRISE SURPRISE...***
I like Dupree. That UK defense was legit last year.
Can the Secondary get any better for the Vikes. Jesus that team is gonna be scary.
You and I have very different ideas of what pimps look like.
Marshall was a locker room liability supposedly. I think they didn't pile his attitude or something.
That's fucking hilarious, hahahaha.
Give us... not Mariota!
100% smokescreen. 
wow way to rain on the parade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueyHuYFFS-I
A BLACK GUY?!?!
It's a good trade for both sides, the Broncos had no need for multiple fifth round picks, with all of our FA's departing we're going to get comp picks out the ass and we don't need that many fifth round guys, we wouldn't have the roster space.
Are we still sure Tom Brady is going to be alive in 2016?
Chargers get 15, SF gets 17, a 2015 4th and a 2016 5th
Does this mean the Broncos don't re-sign Von at the end of the year?

Maybe the thought process is that a defense that consistently gave up 30-40 points in big games can't be fixed with a few draft picks. The Gore/Johnson moves make it clear we are in a win now mode. Maybe the thought process is to make our offense as stacked as possible and just try and just outgun people. If it doesn't work than Gore/Johnson and a few other guys will likely be gone and we will use the cap space to make big moves in the offseason to rebuild our defense, and the young guys we have on offense will still keep up competent.

Idk, I'm just trying to wrap my head around this.
Yeah idk why they said that. The Chargers clearly traded up because the consensus #1 RB was taken by the Rams. 
Holy reach Batman.
Watch his highlights. Everyone agrees he's faster than his 40 speed and I didn't even see Perrimans vert. Plus Pac 10 corners are better than UCFs opponents. Look at bottles.
THE SUSPENSE IS KILLING ME !!!!!
I called it a guarantee they would pick Cooper months ago. He's going to be great for them.
It's because not many people know how to analyze OL. With skill positions you can argue about stats and numbers. With OL you have to talk about stuff like footwork and hands which can be tough if you don't know what you're looking at.
Thank God for Chip's moves earlier
I thought that was hilarious, but to be fair, he looked so uncomfortable/caught off guard up there.
Excellent. 
The Giants front office has been really confusing lately.
Gurley wasn't a reach, people just keep on thinking that RB has been severely undervalued. Truth is that the last couple of RB classes have been incredibly weak. Gurley's legit.
Is there even any O-line left at this point. They just be dragging peps off the street. 
Bryce Petty

Marc Mariani
Seems to have been doing great so far. There is a reason why they called AJ+Marshall the best WR tandem in the league. Im not saying AJ will become a Megatron or anything, but he is a legit #1, and if White turns out to be as promised, then they will simply feed off each other, making each other better. 
Um, LA.
Mike Jones
WTF LMAO
I'm already bored tbh
How big is he? New deep threat?
Erving won't play center more than likely
Why? We need CBs. He can play CB and FS.
Rip first thread 
(2017-2017)
And Poke. Both so damn good. 
Calling Leonard Williams to Jax
Mason and Gurley? Oh joy.
MALCOM IN THE MIDDLE BABY
Wow, the draft looks ridiculous. It looks like Jay Z should be on the stage. 
After...

http://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2015/04/30/ruston-webster-says-titans-arent-trading-marcus-mariota/ 

I'd use our 5th on him in a heartbeat
Williams is there

What team will grab him now?

I bet Brady knows
6 first rounders on your D-Line? why not
PLZ NO. NO ONE SELECT ANYMORE WRs OR OTs
Will the Tits trade the pick?
ouch... lol
I know Minn fans were so upset every mock had them taking him. Thoughts that he is now on your team?
R.I.P raiders fans hoping for williams
This can't be true. Titans would have to be insane to decline this. 
I think he fits well with Flacco's style though, fast one cut guy who can run under deep balls well. Havent paid that much attention to him overall though so wouldnt put money on that.
Well at least he's appreciative of the whole thing. I like that.
According to Rich Eisen. Shocked me too. 
[Both](https://mobile.twitter.com/PaulKuharskyNFL/status/593939588164538368)
*shoe stays on foot* (for now)
I think we would have taken White, Cooper, or Parker if they fell. No one else would improve our offense as much as a solid O-lineman.
We'll give you /#32 for Cox, a 2nd and 2016 3rd, a box of twinkies, some spearmint gum and a spare set of tires for a Dodge Dart
The pick is in already damn it! It's been in forever! Don't commercial!
RIP Tom Brady
Kid will be a STUD
Rafael Araujo
Some headphones company probably gave them a bunch of money to wear them on tv.
He does have one advantage over Casey Hayward that will help him to play the outside. He's a better athlete. Better leaping, better cone time, better 40 time. Those aren't everything, but they are really helpful when you're racing down the sideline trying to cover a burner.
/r/nflstreams
Big time reach
Meh, at this point in the first, that's basically margin of error for projecting where players will get picked. 
They learned how to clone picks by trading and disconnecting before it sync'd with the server.

Tradegate
WELL THOSE BOOS WERE UNDERWHELMING...
..... is that a straight up electric lawn mower!?
Good chance he's gone after this season. He's got a player option in his contract and he doesn't really want to play in Cleveland. 
pretty chalk so far. What will Oakland do though? 
Clay Matthews and Aaron Rodgers want a word with you.
Bears get White, Minnesota immediately goes CB. 
OH SNAP IT'S HAPPENING
yeahhhhhh i don't think the pats are touching this one
Tre Mason!?!?
hmmmmm
Whew Geno's job is safe
my baaaaaad
It doesn't matter what they announce them as. The dude the browns took was announced as a center but he definitely isn't replacing Alex Mack, he'll be a guard.

Edit: I guess I was wrong, they just had him as a center on the graphic. The point remains though, for example JR Sweezy was announced as a DE and he plays guard now. What they say doesn't matter so much, teams can use you however they want. 
DON'T YOU PUT THAT JUJU ON ME!
https://imgflip.com/i/kwmbf
10 min
ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO.... TWO SPOTS
Why did 49er fans think they wouldn't draft him? Someone fill me in 
Please do not put Williams in that stout front 7 lol
Enjoy your stump!
It might have been Dez that I meant
I feel like you could have traded back to 8 to get him 
NFL purgatory
That pattern of 2nd picks being considerably worse than the first pick (except for Couch of course) is kinda scary if you're the Titans.

Edit: And yes I know Archie was kinda good.
Pats about to grab him with the "Fuck DBs, we got a front-11 instead" approach. 
Legarrette Blount is that you?
Have that one all ready to go ahead of time?
Damn it. 
Have a hard time imagining it ain't Dupree. Idk how he fell.
Sorry White, no QB for you
We're not the ones with Chip Kelly as a coach.
It's not like our offense was terrible last year. We still passed the ball plenty, just to TEs and RBs. Replacing Dwayne Bowe with Maclin basically.
What're you sorry about? 
If GRRM can take a hiatus from writing the books to watch the Draft so can I. ;)
I wouldn't be shocked or upset if we drafted Yeldon. 
Williams, Wilkerson, Richardson? That would be amazing... but possibly overkill? 
already durnk because i pregamed the draft
Hey guys what city is the draft being held in this year?
That's what happens when the guys who brought him in have all been fired.
Yeah I'm shocked a lot of Rams fans hate this pick. Like would they hate if we had Adrian Peterson? Or (as I've seen him compared to more) Jim Brown?
thurmond is on a one year contract. boykin the slot is on his last year and wants to play outside, probably wont re-sign. for safety the eagles have jenkins(good), a guy with knee problems, a guy with really long arms off lions practice squad, a converted CB who i dont think had a single snap at safety(probably less than 20 at CB) and a guy who i believe only had a few snaps on special teams. there's just... basically no starting #2 safety. meanwhile jordan matthews, huff, ertz and celek are all good downfield receivers w murray mathews and sproles out of the backfield. and trey burton, cooper, ajijarou(something like that, from chargers) to back them up. receivers are plentiful on the eagles already, CB/S not so much.

looking from the outside(maybe one of the safeties has vastly improved and ppl dont know it yet) CB/S is eagles biggest need by a large margin.
Not like this one, at least, no.
Goddamn it!
how do y'all know Shelton got picked?
Got pissed at Dunleavy about something so the next time he took a 3, Giannis trucked him out of bounds with his shoulder haha
What is the length? 3 years? I know there's no guaranteed contracts in the NFL.
"Thank god I'm going to Cali to escape this bullshit Wisconsin weather"

-Gordon
FUCK IT LETS JUST KEEP ON THROWING
Because this offseason opened up with good moves. Now he's made a spectacularly stupid one.
Fuck that question you heartless bitch
From LT to Mel G
All streams seem behind
Sorry, no amount of OL can protect them from us.
Baha yes this. 

"FUCK OFF THERES NO WAY WE TAKE HIM"

Well ya did
Get that replacement for Wilfork.
Lol they showed him trying to push his new beats closer to his head.. Makes sense 
as is tradition... regardless of location
GOD FUCKING DAMNIT
Cooper is a great player. All you Raider fans will change your mind when he is rookie of the year
I got SI for Kids when I was younger and there was a little blurb and photo about how his wife would sit on his back while he did them.
Washington are having a massive party right now. Jesus christ.
Well, Ken Whisenhunt must believe his job is safe or he had no say in the matter.
Unless the 49ers or chiefs grab him I'd agree
I've always joked with my friends about how hilarious it would be if the Hawks and Raiders played in SB50 at Levi's.
What the fuck, why, why 
Goddamn it, I don't want Bradford =(
Yeah, his 15-8 record against MIN and DET is fine with me
They have to take cooper, can't win without scoring
What is Baalke cooking...
He wasn't going to be the starter but he'd get carries at least. Now? Not so likely.
The internet wouldn't have been able to handle it
Consensus by who? He was locked in as the number two pick this year by basically everyone regardless of what team picked him.
DT in our 4-3 scheme doesn't make much sense in the 1st round.Plus if Jones reminds you of a rookie all pro OT then I think thats a good sign. 
Guess we're going for the "try to keep up" kind of pressure and not the "try not to get killed by our defense" kind of pressure.
I keep seeing that teams have handed in their pick. What does that mean?
WRONG
This is garbage.

Yeah, no more commercials.

And now for this interview brought to you by Wheaties, breakfast of champions.
dont be racist
I didn't, fuck I hope he drops to us
Defense please.
Known? Wtf is the innocent until proven guilty?
Justin and Alden Smith. Jeramy Maclin. Sheldon Richardson. 
I don't know, I still think Hardy will get his suspension appealed down to either 6 or maybe even 4 games(probably 6). In which case pass rush isn't quite as big a need. We have some young and high potential there. CB is/was extremely lacking and harder to 'hit on.' Good pick imo.
Well, he should have been an O-Lineman coming out of high school so I can see why.
Operation Indianapolis Cardinal Hurricane is almost complete...
Also Greg Jennings
GOD DAM IT XBOX ONE. UPDATE FASTER.

FUCK THIS FUTURE SHIT. IT CAN'T EVEN UPDATE ITSELF SO I CAN WATCH THE FUCKING DRAFT.
That reach.
The Packers have historically played nickel as their base, so potentially
VERY quick on his feet. Almost too quick, doesn't play like 300 guy at all. 
Haha Pack out in force 
Rick Myer, Ryan Leaf, Tim Couch...


Oh my sides!
I wanted gurley :(
Seriously though. He'd be a wrecking ball behind that line. He's great after 2nd contact. 
Per @JayGlazer the #Eagles offered the Bucs two number 1's a QB and a player for the first overall pick
That's a redskins pick there.
Boo pittsburgh! 
lukes father is darth vader
Hell yes Tebow
If the Eagles were offering what he think they were, and the Titans plan on keeping Mariota, they made a huge mistake imo
Well, so much for going to a team with a chance. 
Goldman, Phillips, Collins, Kendricks. Pick of the litter.
Fuuuuuuck the Faaaiiiiiiders!
A jets player injures a pats franchise quarterback and boom start of a dynasty
Good point. Most of the time Tom is responsible, dependable, and the best at what he does. Occasionally he's thoroughly embarassing, but we've learned to take the good with the bad and we love him unconditionally.

Tom is totally Hal.
le stalk nenenenenenenenen
A good pass rusher in either Dupree or Ray is falling to the Cardinals. So happy!!!! I want Ray!!
Exactly. A trade isn't still out of the question, and by waiting we actually get to see who is left on the board when/if a trade is made
Reminds me of Tyron Smith. 
Maybe you guys are going to a 5 wide air raid.

Probably not, but I have no idea what else the logic would be.
Thank you Jets!
Funny how this was the real smokescreen lol
The C word.
Imagine the emotional rollercoaster you're going through after the euphoria of being drafted by a motherfucking NFL team and then having to come crashing back down to reality facing a question about your dead brother. I can't even imagine how he kept himself together.
that pop you just heard was Dan Snyder blowing his load
Wha-huhhh?
Thanks a lot Cheifs 
Arguable...
I thought the idea was that you flew them over to you.
Don't worry, you'll sign him 10 years from now when he's past his prime!
Gurley? Wouldn't make much sense.
That means if you were to have one every day you'd be just shy of 5 years. Now thats commitment!
im so scared right now.
Fuck Tre Mason, I'M PISSED!!!!!!
And wants to go back to his homeland and improve healthcare there.



Move over Russell Wilson. There's a new Jesus.
> apidimi

bruh
lol 'London's Team'

Jags fans cant like that
Did Denver need a pass rusher tho?
[Since the Bears are my second team](http://replygif.net/i/1452.gif)
OH HELL NO
I'm really not high on him as far as being a #1 receiver, but I'm gonna be sad to be rooting against him.
Let's fucking goooooo! Good pick. GO BOLTS!!!
top kek spelling
We're trying man.
Who really knows?
And it looks like DAT will be more of a WR next season: https://twitter.com/BOSSLIFEDAT13/status/593557293712678912
Well he went to Cleveland. His career is already over.
You don't think they wanted him? That's ridiculous.
RIPIP BRADY
Okay I laughed. 
I assume they're going to speed this shit up for days 2 and 3? Because at this rate we'll be here until June.
Great pick for the Jaguars. Future just keeps on getting brighter!
okay so surprise
DJ AND CD HYPPPPPE
If only the weather cooperated. It was brisk out there. 
He played in the uhhhhh**S**uhhhh**E**uhhhh**C**

Classic Kiper
Jets fans do it every years so why not?
Boring...
Jesus how many defensive linemen do they need
It's still the Colts putting all their resources in skill positions when the interior of the team suffers. Kind of like when they had peyton, except irsay specifically said they were going to build a better team in favor of video game numbers for the qb. I'll believe it when I see it irsay, because it hasn't happened.
FUCK ME.
hernandez switched to pcp thats the problem. 
Can we still trade jay? Id take a nice italian beef. 
I fucking hope so. 
[See how stupid and rude Marcus Peters is in 1:22](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZ3QB17kyuk). What an asshole.
Oh...that's just undortunate...
Not sexy but a good pick-up. I wanted Williams but I still think it was a good addition. Maybe we get Landon Collins or Gregory in the 2nd.
MARCUS MAWRIOTTO
I think your previous bias about Wisconsin RBs is effecting how you analyze Melvin. Across the board, most analysts talk about his exceptional ability to read defenses and find cutback lanes v
At least when we reach for a lineman, it's at 31.
Ereck about to Erekt.
NFL Network is going out of their way to pretend they don't know who just got drafted. But their analysts know their shit unlike the ESPN fuckery. 
I have to do this

until May 14th this year:

2 weeks from today.


Texans trying to be the first team to score with only defensive players in a season.
Most of that stuff is paid for by their agents until they get a contract
Honestly thought he was going to be more of a late bloomer for a pick.
No Shoe Drop Today.
I don't get it. Why trade Marshall for low draft pick to make a void at wr and then draft White with such a high pick
Browns are on the clock. Do not disappoint us, you glorious masters of disaster.
You should have thrown the kitchen sink too. 
I'm surprised Gurley went before Gordon but maybe it's because I was hoping he'd fall to us. 
Ugh. This draft blows
7 picks and no trades.....where is my popcorn? I WAS PROMISED POPCORN !!!
"plz plz plz rustin :'( pick up"
GOOD GOD WHAT ARE THOSE UNHOLY JERSEYS???
Gruden confirmed Migos fan
Or us with a 34 end.
I just wanna say:

* Awhile back, I had a discussion with someone who said there's no way a Gurley will go in round 1. RBs just don't go that high any more. Well, take that! 2 RBs in round one!

* I also had a discussion about whether Gregory will drop out of the first. I said it was possible and someone else said no way. Once again, take that! (That guy was cool though, I do remember that)

I'm sure I was off on some stuff too though, so I take full blame for those.
stupidity.
Well crap double crap
I haven't followed this story step by step, but what indication, if any, has there been that he had anything to do with the murder? A lot of this has seemed like irresponsible reporting with a lot of dangerous speculation.
Mea culpa. 

I read it in the wrong context. 
Apparently the Rams might do something crazy here.
Cut me off the filet side? Let's share.
Holy wow they drafted him, poor chip
I'm glad they took him, as it stops us being linked with him in every mock. 
I'd say alleged is a better word than possible. 
[2006](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_NFL_draft)
Here here.
"Congratulations. Let me make you feel like shit now."
I agree. Has nothing to do with the fact that we got Gordon I assure you.
Hell fucking yes
Damn it :(
Guess how many we get:(
BANNED!
Also against a redshirt freshman QB. He still manhandled the fuck out of that LT. WSU held their own last year with some big competition. If we had special teams and DB's worth anything we would have beaten Oregon and Cal. They always disappointed though. :(

Props to UW for producing 3 players in the first though. 
Does he wear braces?
NOW YOURE GETTING IT ESPN. CAN I GET A LOLBROWNS???

good lord
Gotem
"we're not going to take Armstead"~Every SF fan on /r/nfl
Poor tre
Hmm.. I think that Gordon would've still been there with the Chargers' original pick.
He played basketball? Are you sure he's a wide receiver and not a tight end?
I think Ryan Grigson doesn't understand what to do with a first round pick if Andrew Luck isn't there. 
This has to be strong right? 
Very solid o-line, but whitworth is one of (if not the) oldest LTs in the league. 
Our RT has been varying degrees of hot garbage since the McNabb era, at least, this isn't just about RGIII.
He was graded as a late 1st/early 2nd, so not a reach. Strange.
Wow.... steal for the Lions? Isn't Manny pretty good?
FUCK YEAH!
BONER!
Didn't see that comin
Damn that man half bald already.
Wow. Isn't this a bit of a reach?
SPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED.

Good ole' [Al](http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/596941/al-davis.jpg) Strikes Again!
Let's go theon. 
What is the contract situation of the Jets others DTs? In Madden I often make a pick based on who will walk in free agency, or be cut for cap reasons down the road. 
You bring the Beer and Babes. I'll bring the Bolts and Bolos.
Wow holy shit.
WTF Washington 
All one of them?
Ya they're never around and I'm allowed to do whatever I want . It's strange. It's almost like I'm a big kid or something. 
He had the giants taking him in his final mock draft 
honestly, i would've taken the trade if i were the titans. mariota could be the greatest QB ever, but that was a lot of different pieces offered to them (including a decent QB) to build a really competitive team around.
4
***BOOOOOOOO***
I swear to Lucifer, if GB takes Kendricks I will not be a happy guy.
No one was as good about that as David Stern. He was the Jedi Master of sucking up boos.
Right now its the Redskins
Well that's disappointing
My boy Camp
Did they find out that none of Leonard Williams' teammates went to his birthday party or something?
When your 1st-round bust history is as abysmal as the Lions', you take all the late-round freebies you can get.
Mort is struggling so hard right now. They need to replace some of these people. Namely, Kiper and Mort. 
Stop reading my fan fiction man. 
[**@RapSheet**](https://twitter.com/RapSheet/)

> [2015-05-01 02:09 UTC](https://twitter.com/RapSheet/status/593960452649943040)

> The \#Falcons are trying to trade back into the first round, I hear. Maybe for an OL?

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Wilk is likely
Smart move by San Fran. Dupree should still be there at 17.
ah. I too would have like Brown, but I have learned to trust our drafts over the years. I was also kind of upset at the Zeitler pick a couple years back and he turned out to be a great pick. With Malcom Brown dropping so far maybe there is something that all the teams knew about him that wasn't released.
>As a coug, ~~I find it hilarious that you guys had three first round picks, and~~ you ~~still~~ suck~~ed~~!
So instead of trying to win your job you want to have it given to you?
[Bucc fans right now](http://gfycat.com/UnlinedSoulfulAmericanbittern)
flawless victory.
[Quite the deep ball threat added to the bears offense](https://twitter.com/PFF/status/593941479447470081?s=09)
Chip gonna Chip
broncos take shane ray

fucking fuck
Todd "Zach "Fuck Me" Lavine" Gurley
Poor guy
I'm glad that, at least for now, he's your guys' headache and not ours. No offense.
I'd rather watch a low quality ESPN stream than the HQ NFLN stream. You'd think with all that money they could hire some good broadcasters. 
I guess Kiper thinks he's the next Jerry Rice....He fucking better be.
I was wrong, very wrong 
This isn't madden. It requires a team that wants to move up and willing to give you the value to do so.
Shut the fuck up. 
Not OP, but he is stiff in the hips and a projected talent at this point, not a ready product. He's a good pick at 22, but we will see how he develops. 
Minnesota a couple of years ago. Theory was they were going to get the guy anyway, they let him fall to save $$$$ on his pick.
Beasley 
He just has to make sure to not go to any Frey weddings
This Bud's for you!
Dang. Jets didn't need him but he'll do well there. Jets can develop D-linemen
Brett Favor.
Anyone who is interested, Redskins Scot McCloughan's board had following playesr as top 3:

Fowler, Cooper, Scherff

Source: https://twitter.com/AlbertBreer/status/593944648445464577
Got my Cleveland IPAs, I'm ready to be either disappointed or amazed with the Browns, either way I'm drinking without thinking
Well he actually did
Wow, Williams still there at 4.
Why the hell would we take a WR in the first round
Cowboys War Room is really happy for some reason.
Todd Bowles looks like a human milk dud.
God dammit the steelers needed him
yup i knew it 
Hop in the Carr Cooper !
And feet
Hasn't he said that himself?
 Not a bad pick for the Bears.
The crew at NFLN is 10x better than ESPN, especially Mayock...but ESPN has Gruden...
First hour was supposed to be.


This is like pick, commercial. Pick, commercial. Pick, commercial.
YUSSSSS
IM SO HAPPY BUT I AM SO ANGRY!!!
Parker or Shelton please
Amazing Athlete. 
Amari Cooper goes from one of the most loved prospects in the draft to one of the most hated.

Great pick though. Big Cooper fan here.
Suh and Williams
Seriously. I don't get this pick at all, especially with the defensive players that were still available. I would really have liked to known what was going on in the "war room" when they decided to select another receiver.
Great pronunciation of Mariota.
Jets take White and Giants trade back with Cleveland or KC who want Parker.
LOL what? tre mason was pretty damn good last year
Definitely not woman hours.
At some point things have to stop sucking for you guys and I want to be there so we can properly yell at each other again.
I wanted him at 20, but here 30 minutes later I think its safe was call this a horrible pick and obvious bust 
Come on chip, take us all on a ride 
Well I'm surprised. But I don't think it's a bad pick besides
welp get ready then
Yeah i don't watch enough Rams games to be authority on this stuff, and i don't think taking Gurley is a bad call unless you're set for years with an elite running back. I just considered Tre to be a pretty potent option from the eye test, so if Gurley stumbles at all, i could see Tre getting plenty of carries. 

I know Gurley has all the talent in the world, but RB is a fickle position. It will be interesting to see how it plays out.
Well fuck
No no no. Take Williams. Please.


http://imgur.com/6l53EBJ

YES SHAQ. HE IS A MONSTER
That'd be a reach. Big reach.
HUSKIES
No matter who the Jets pick Mike and Mike tomorrow will be fun.
They've been on the "rise" the last 5 years. 
Traded for a super bowl
That's what everyone said about OAK 2 minutes ago
Someone else could have traded with Houston to get ahead of us knowing we wanted him. We just had to make sure we got him. 
I know people are saying Laken was a reach but word is Bill wanted him. If that's true, then good on Mayhew. That's a good fucking move.
If you took the Bears offense and the Jets defense, you would have a decent team.
A guy whose been considered a top 10 talent at 23?
Plz
TRADE DOWN OMG JETS TRADE DOWN
Almost everyone on this coast calls it that. It's infuriating.
Who was left? You'd rather reach on a DB than try to supplement Jones, Moats, and Harrison?
Right on. I've got ESPN and NFL Network, but that sounds like fun. I'll check it out.
If they saw the DB class as weak and no one was worth drafting in that spot, I feel that they made a good choice.
One of the reasons I love signing Mathews and Murray is that Sproles is no longer the backup RB and can be used in any situation. 
Alright Bears, it's time for another dumb pick
I send all my snapchats to Chandler in the hope that he will be chilling with his Pat Bros and then I'll get invited to the team and win everything. 
Good choice.
Thank you.
From what I've seen, he can play almost anywhere on the line.
Isn't Ramirez good?
We reached for an OLB that will be playing Safety and Special teams, two positions we really need talent at.

Check out his highlight reel: http://youtu.be/tMrRreknZmw
I think Polian likes the pick. I mean, it's a page out of his own playbook! Draft offense and then draft offense some more! 
huh?

Must be equivalent of an addiction to black tar heroin. Fun Times!
[:) Okay](http://i.cdn.turner.com/si/multimedia/photo_gallery/1201/nfl.49ers.glory.years/images/joe-montana.7021211.jpg)
Yep, Cam is going to die.
For the rest of time it's going to be marioto. It's like he's never heard the guy's name before today.
Can't believe he fell out of the top 5
Going in the 6th rounder isn't an indication of your talent level, it's a precursor to where teams thought your talent level was when you were in college. Mett came in and did his job worked hard and got playing time when guys got hurt. He's more than worthy of competing for playing time either as a backup or as a starter elsewhere. He probably felt the Titans did him wrong when they probably told him a few days ago they would not draft a QB and he'll be their guy. Of course things change so now we're here and he's asking for out, at least that's what his agents asking for.
Wheres the Williams Camera?
Gotcha! I knew he was a solid corner at UConn and a big leader on that team. Just had no idea Philly thought they'd be able to pick him up as well
I'll be happier about it soon, especially if it's true that Leonard Williams has labrum tears
Whos the Snow Bunny around Kevin White 
The only thing worse than commercials is the anti-commercial circle-jerk. It wouldn't be bad if it was a few times, but every fucking commercial there are 10 comments 'derrr DAE hate commercials?' People just trying to get cheap upvotes
> 2015 NFL Draft - General Thread [Spoilers]
It was in the Packers sub. 
Let's hope he can carry the UConn legacy into the NFL as well as Donald Brown.
Two reasons.

1. Every year Baalke picks somebody nobody expects. 

2. Armstead is full of potential, but did not have much production or impact. To use our 1st round pick on a player like that when we have other huge needs did not seem ideal.
Wtf did i just read? 
It is a circle jerk, the ESPN broadcast isn't awful
never apologize to the pats
Yes, when nobody is watching.. 
I think this will finally be the year where Mel Kiper excuses himself to take a shit.
Everyone saying Lions came out like bandits is making me VERY HAPPY
looks like we made the trade yesterday
Ted Washington?
Houston was talking about taking him supposedly 
Pot smoking in Colorado jokes commence
I like how they're talking about winning the Super Bowl when Tampa Bay can't even win more than two games.
Thoroughly disappointed.
As a U of M fan, that would've pissed me off badly. Funchess might be a good receiver in the NFL, but he has no business going in the first round. 
7
What the fuck does his father playing soccer in Nigeria have to do with anything, Mel? 
YOU SWEAR WHAT?
People have differing opinions, is that a problem?

I do not like him compared to the other talent available.
Skins can't be picky, Williams has to be choice 
Ahhh okay I forgot about them.
I can't even remember the last one that was good. Newman was good for a while. I guess him? That was a long time ago.
Shaq is absolutely not more athletic than Kam Chancellor.
better to go now and learn the playbook than get cut midway through training camp and fail to catch onto a team because you never learned their system. i don't blame him or mett. i get it.

chicago could use a guy like him. so could the cowboys.
it was a compliment disguised as a joke
And gone. 

Though we do have Swanson.
I was at the game. Can confirm I got cancer. 
why? In his AMA he said LA was his favorite US city
Has Deion Sanders gone AWAL? 

He's talked to 1 guy in the first 9 picks. 

I realize they aren't all there, but still. 
Jimmie Ward was drafted to play safety.
Fuck man that was good
I feel bad for the kid, he's going to get eaten alive in our division
As an FSU fan, this is an AMAZING pick if you keep him at C. He was the sole reason we were able to have a stable running game last year. He's effective at G and T, but he's unbelievable at C. Don't make a mistake.
Come on Farmer...stop sitting on your hands!
even though manny was busted for PEDs he's still one of the most naturally gifted hitters in the game. should be a great DH for the lions
A throwback to the Colts with Freeney and Mathis pass rushing, now the Broncos have Von Miller and Shane Ray edge rushing.
looks like sports entourage 
We're okay with all sorts of highs in Colorado.
"Say I won't" - Chip Kelly
With wide receiver being the Colts 3rd to last need (te and qb being ahead) I can't imagine why they would pick a receiver I get he's the best player on the board. But we couldn't stop the run when it mattered and have 1 safety that's established with no depth and no d line to really speak of. Defense is the number 1 need.

I'm venting because I'm mad, and he's probably a fine player, but I don't understand
Brady just hung up his cleats, yeah?
I think you're probably safe on that one.
AMARI COOPER!!!!!!
White being interviewed-

>I'm a great guy, I'm very humble
Pats front 7:

Chandler Jones

Dominique Easley

Malcolm Brown

Ninko

Collins

Hightower

Mayo

Jabaal Sheard in the rotation. 

WHO NEEDS A SECONDARY 
Of course Pitrsburgh makes a smart selection and gets a steal at 22.
I'M GONNA HAVE A HEART ATTACK IF WE TAKE BEASLY

Nooooooooo I wanted Williams! Build around Mett dammit :(
The Crimson chin
LEONARD WILLIAMS HELLO?
LEONARD WILLIAMS IS GOING TO OAKLAND!!!!!
fuck this is 20 seconds ahead of hte strem
Come on Tampa, you had 4 months.
Now if Gurley somehow winds up with the Saints I'll vomit in my underwear and go to bed that way.
[**@AdamSchefter**](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter):
>[2015-05-01 03:35:09 UTC](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter/status/593981960155996160)

>Philip Rivers going nowhere. And he has one more reason not to want to uproot his family from SD: he and his wife expecting their 8th child.

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=http://reddit.com/34hay9%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

Oh shit nuggets.
Interesting fact. The last time the Panthers selected at #25, we picked up this guy named Jon Beason. 
If they are running a fast paced Offense then we will probably run a lot of 4 WR sets. If we can get the final piece to the O-Line, we could easily run 5 WR sets. Imagine: Cooper, Streater, Crabtree, Jones, and Holmes lining up. That is a pretty sick WR core.
Not when that WR can only run fly routes (which dont work in the NFL) and you dont have the line to support it anyway
10 picks in, only 3 make sense to me and 0 trades.

this draft is not disappointing in entertainment value
Bengals just took ogbuehi. You guys on the clock now.
You disappoint me Chip. 
He's more of an anti-Patriots fan than anything. He cycles through flairs depending on mood (I assume).
I wanted us to hop back and get Cameron Erving
Well it's a good thing the teams don't talk in the draft room like " oh boy we really need some offense linemen but we don't want to come off as copying anyone". They need people guy don't look too into it 
"Runnin'backtomyfamily."
Whoa, you're 108 years old?
C'mon man you can't be serious. 
Or in the NFL. At least when they were young.

Vick is one that comes to mind. Also Favre at Atlanta. He said he didn't care about football much at all.
Mariota is the hottest piece of ass right now. Chip Kelly is getting ready to suck a dick.
Foles isn't Tom Brady bro
Honestly this is the biggest head scratcher of the night.
Um
Thats why im so confused right now :/
FUCK YEAH HE LOOKS LIKE HE COULD DEVOUR A TURKEY LEG
Well the power thing we can disagree with because he was the strongest at his position at the combine. Also I have faith in Dan Quinn who is a "pass rushing whisperer" and turned guys into sack machines in Seattle. 
I drank whatever you did + one though soooooo...
Nov 1 Williams is coming to Oakland and not going home. Count on it.
was thinking the same thing. That father-son hug was /r/Awww material
Lol.... aww I feel bad for them now
I know Sean said he wouldn't take a chance on questionable characters, but you gotta take Gregory here. But I want Kendricks.
GOD DAMNIT DAVE
dine?
Almost expect Rams to trade down now...
"best player available" is a little more flexible than most people recognize. It doesn't mean you have to stay put and deal with who the best player is if he's not a good fit. There are other teams a few spots further down that would love him, you could move back, collect a few mid round picks to fill even more holes on the defense, and end up choosing the best player available when you're in a situation where the best player available is also the best fit for your needs, so it would be win-win.

In Chicago's situation today they could have easily moved down a few if they didn't instantly hand in their pick like that, and could still have picked up Trae Waynes who would be more beneficial to the team, while providing a few picks just for moving.

Now Waynes is a Viking, so I guess we'll both find out how fast and aggressive he is anyway.
I hate predictable drafts. 
Time for the Redskins to screw the pooch with this pick.
Heavy doses of light cocaine huh? 
If anyone can appreciate Kentucky linebackers over the past years, it is Denver.
Williams to WASH then? 
First first round pick in 3 years and we get Leo holy shit
The Santa-Clara Falcons.
Jets just had Williams gifted to them and Wilkerson is easier to trade now
No wonder the rays stadiums are empty

Says the mariners fan. 
Difference is that they had nothing but big receivers who could win jump balls but didn't have a lot of speed.

They have speed now.
that hair... never seen dreads with that kind of male pattern baldness before
Yup. That's why I made my comment. I didn't know that much about him besides like two comments I saw a couple days ago that said he plays upright pretty often, which concerned me. I come into the thread to find out more from people more knowledgeable than I and every comment is another team going LOL NINERSFANS. I mean, a couple of them I understand, but the top 6 comments are just repeats? C'mon son.
I'll trade you :)
They can be moved around, I assume that's what will happen. Rest assured our FO know more about drafting than you do.
This almost makes me happy that I'll be on a different continent for the majority of next season. 
we have trash talk threads specifically for these comments
I was hoping a lot of teams would be offensive minded, but I guess not. :(

man i'm fucking tired.
Oi! Imma just run down to B&Q and grab some pivot nails!
WWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
There are plenty of other players good enough to take over Mariota. He's only become extremely popular because of all these rumors but there are plenty of more valuable players other than QB and they need to revamp most of their roster.
This isn't surprising all IMO. They really needed a CB.
I like this move, too. We only drop down two spots in the first round and get a couple other picks on top of that. Not bad at all!
Easily BPA though
NO!
I know why you know why
I would think they have one from each team made beforehand for all eligible players... But that's a shit ton of money.
Bernadrick McKinney has Viking written all over him.
[Beasley AND Gregory?](http://i.imgur.com/hLT8GDz.gifv)
The love for Mettenberger here is hilarious. He's probably out of the league within 3 years. Passing on Mariota for such a question mark seems silly to me.
He likely won't need to do much of that (in an immediate sense, anyways) given our current RB situation.
Do the Saints take Parker if the Browns don't?
Well, he looks very happy.
Must've missed that one.... BUT GOD THIS IS ANNOYING
...WR is not what we needed.
This draft has been boring thus far.
For the spoiler thread, this is seriously behind. https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate
If we made this trade to take Gordon I will be slightly upset.
E!
They just drafted Tre Mason last year. He wasn't good enough?
He's probably hella sad now that he's a Jet.
How fucking crazy would it be if the cowboys traded their pick for AD at this point?
The measurables that matter.
Hard to not like Melvin Gordon. Great interview.
if kelly trades all that and the Mariota pick doesn't work out he's gonna have to go back to college. 
At least the Colts Madden offense is now insane
That reason is named Jay.
It came out when I was a kid, and because of that, it carried all the way over into high school where me or one of my friends would start a new game on R/Y/B every once in a while and all of us would get into it again and compete to have the best party in a certain span of time.
Malcom Brown is ours. Good night everyone.
Great fucking pick Rams. Pair him with Mason and you guys are gonna run all over your opponents.
In terms of "super raw super athlete" I guess. Height-weight-speed, he's more of a Calais Campbell.. which is terrifying.. so here's hoping Arik never finds Calais's work ethic or scratches his full potential. because fuck *that* noise.
holy shit I forgot about those

I should stop trying to predict things, I'm not good at it
Oregon, Tennessee...basically the same place. 
Did they even mention Beasley before the pick there?
well victory is assured then
Aerith dies.
The king of the north
I'm not sure what 2012 has to do with 2015 and the future.
LETS GO GET PARKER!
Would they have to pay Nintendo anything? I'd think Home Movies like that would be property of their creators/subjects regardless of the products filmed in them.
lol he's so happy he can buy pot there 
I lived in SD at the time (thanks, Navy! ) and was really stoked when the Chargers got him and LT. (Colts fan first, but i always follow local team if there is one).

His first couple years were brutal though. If Rivers hadn't held out, Brees would probably have been benched, traded, etc. Drew Brees as a failed starter/journeyman backup? He owes his career to Rivers. 
Go die
Hell Yeah!!! 
Chip knows how to pick. The demigod Nelson Agholor!
Sooo... about that LT...
dude being 21 rich famous and being a,addict must be hell 
look at the user who posted it
Where's Carl Johnson in this San Andreas movie?
yeah
He didn't steal the #1 pick, they gave it to him. 

What's the over/under on Gruden talking about Manziel?
Trade for AP?
But there are 7 or 8 WR's worth a 1st rounder. They could have nabbed one of them in the 2nd.
That is one big dude. Wouldn't want to move him around.

even if Tomlinson was considered a 2nd rounder, I don't really believe it to be a reach IMO. He's a guy I've envisioned as a perennial pro bowler from early on for awhile now. The athleticism, technique, intangibles - it's all there. Really wanted Denver to get him somehow in the 2nd. He's gonna be great to go along with Warford.
Enjoy bro
I mean.. a sternly worded sign could play better than Oher
FUCK! This is gonna suck
Niiiice Dallas. I like it.
He's made a lot of boneheaded decisions since he became commissioner years ago. He usually gets booed much more heartily than that too, I was disappointed in Chicago's lack of animosity
honestly this is probably the best place for him to go to succeed
He's finnnee let him chill dude
And Steve
Damn the JETS Dline is gonna be insanely good
Enjoy your brand new qb :)
Scherff. 
The Jets will never score, but neither will your team.
I didn't see. Pic?
He sure did. 
I kind of want Nelson Agholor the most. Jake Fisher is also a pick I'd do if we wanted to trade back
HOW DOES ONE USE 3 5 TECHNIQUES? 
This guy is the whitest-sounding black football player I've ever seen.
Are the Jets going to take another defensive player??
OH YEA BABY, LET'S GOOOO
CONGRATS
As long as Jarvis gets it together, we will have 4 first round LBs, latest drafted was at 22
There is no way that can be real
Serious question. Does he have the speed to back up into LB? Would be really confusing for opposing offenses for the Jets to be able to switch between a 4-3 and a 3-4 on the fly.
"He could be Jerry Rice"

Well, there you have it.
I'd say that's a pretty accurate assessment then.
I hope not.
[BUT NEITHER HAVE YOU](http://thumb101.shutterstock.com/display_pic_with_logo/100217/152709257/stock-photo-man-pointing-an-accusatory-finger-at-the-camera-as-he-singles-out-someone-to-take-the-blame-with-152709257.jpg)
Tomorrow buddy, tomorrow 
Dear god that line is going to be dominant.
MNF?
But the memes!
I'm at home. I have no idea. But probably.
Lol, he's already 3rd string, now that coaches said Gurley is the RB of the future, he has no shot here. Fisher hasn't even given him a chance to compete. 
Thats a nice fucking suit mane
Beat me too it....you want to talk about a steal, that's a steal.

The rich just got richer.
I agree. As a bears fan I'm fucking salivating that we might be able to pick him up. Please jets...
lol commish goes airborn
Lol he looks so pissed to be drafted by the Saints
Well first they talk for 8 minutes then they cut to commercials
BPA would be Landon Collins. I'm partial to Shaq Thompson though.
Chip Kelly picks UR MUM
This franchise just doesn't get it.
Confine him to Pasco County, get him a fishing pond or some shit and for god's sake, don't let him out around the stadium after dark, especially on the weekends. 
Just a rumor, but they discussed it on the ESPN draft coverage. It appears, if true at all, his agent may be the one demanding a trade. 
To be a backup on another team? Mett isn't a starter, he's being kind of a bitch. Take on Mariota in a competition if you think you can be a starter.
Dat implication doe
Yes but on pure hope of Possible potential. Long way del what he has ever shown
My thoughts
hahaha yeah. just one i swear. 
Hahahhaahahah 
RIP Tom Brady

Why u gotta bring up his deceased brother....
I don't know why you were downvoted, I've heard much worse about Winston.. I was just saying the article basically states that the Russell comparison wasn't really valid. We all know that Winston isn't the next Manning or Luck, but he's probably our best option, all things considered. Please beat the Pats next SB, though, k? 
ty.
Come to Miami Devonte!
it will happen during initiations probably.
Dorsett is a odd pick for a team loaded at WR.

4 WR sets all day??
Fuck you Dolphins.
I'm happy for the Browns and Shelton, but I wish he'd gone somewhere where I can still watch him play... are Browns games even televised?
Don't be ridiculous...he owes us ALL five bucks. 
Why what? It's obvious why I'm happy we already have more 1st round offensive linemen. I'm not saying I'm happy the other NFCE teams have caught on and are drafting OL if that's what you were thinking. 
That's a big trade back. They better get a big haul for that.
BPA on our board. We don't care for ESPN's board
Andrus Peat... who?
SlingTV sucks. :/
So the Saints just picked Drake. Cool.
Preseason 
Probably entertaining trade offers
The ridiculous thing is that in my daily routine if often listen to about 10 seconds of first take before I get so angry I turn it off, and I hear Cowherd on the radio on the way into work and he sounds so damn reasonable in comparison to those asshats on worst take.

There needs to be a "scale of ESPN craziness" 
Fuck Yeah!
Every year I come into the draft knowing I'll have a new player to hate. Time to find out who it is. 
Very solid
Nothing to do with the Titans getting Marioto.
Something got funky with my browser, it corrected itself when I clicked again. 
Well I didn't fucking want Shane Ray and that's what they did. I'm pretty pissed. 
>Schefter is saying 49ers not done.

Oh, they're done. They may not be finished drafting, but they're definitely done.

:-)


If you're gonna take a runningback you're only gonna take snaps away from my boy Danny :(

Give him back!!!
I WANT A FUCKING WR.... Looks like we're getting a Lineman
I swear to god I thought Angholor was kissing his mom's neck.
... I'd be ok with that. Anything to rip apart Rodgers :P
I think Byron Jones was our guy...
Well considering Detroit's economy, they probably just want to sell some jerseys. You're gonna make more with a former legend than a random late round pick.
Okay NFL Network, NOW you use your common sense and realize nobody was moving up to 2.
Captain kinda lost focus a couple times and got burned. He's young and can get back in form. We also have a resurgent Josh Robinson, so our secondary is looking better than it has in a long time.
Long Jump champion 2015
Elemers is in ybor??? I'm confused are you making my argument for me?
Mettenberger to Browns for 8 1st round draft picks, confirmed.
Boo him harder! C'mon, Chicago!
C'mon Eagles, please trade away your franchise for Mariota
Her name is Alex Flanagan
Not in the least
The way they were all shaking hands made it look like no one was coming back. Maybe it was just me, but it seriously looked like they thought the whole draft was over.
Wow this live feature is sick
MARIOTO!!!!!!
Boom or bust pick but worth the risk. I'd be good with it.
Their O-Line wasn't even turnstiles, at least those offer *some* resistance, it was more like an open fence with a sign that said "Please D-Lineman don't enter, or enter if you want. We can't stop you"
He will be a stud
like almost .500
God bless this country
What if all this time *WE WERE THE SHOE*
Come on Jets! Pass on Williams!
What? Vikings not trading? Is this real life?
Questionable hands on a WR who has trouble running routes and tries to rely on his speed too much.

Huh. I feel like I've heard this before. 
Was hoping Scherff was gonna be a Giant :(
Phew, least it wasn't Landon Collins.
WOOOOO
Welp. There ya go.
Of course it was, because he always delivered.
Glad we took the best RB before other teams traded up for the next RBs
This just in, Armstead has announced his early retirement. 
Last year 
>The fan base is bloated more than ever now, you'll find sane fans among them every now and then.

They are few and far between, but do exist. 
o.O
Heck, I was hesitant on OBJ. I wanted Zach Martin. 
In Reese We Trust.
That squeal from MJD tho 
Fuck listen to what the coach says about him, hardest worker on the team!!!! So pumped we got this guy

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TC7eU7pVre4
There's a fuckton of youth already on the depth chart at that position for us. Adding Armstead will bump one of the other younger guys. 

There's also holes in other places that could have been addressed. 
God damnit...

Was Tebow SERIOUSLY the only Heisman winner with a winning record...

Fucking damnit...
OH SHIT!
Damn son, wasn't quite expecting that.
He's an eagles fan, give him a break.
Is this supposed to save Cutler?
Randy Gregory is still around.
Someone forgot to tell the giants. 
Trade details:

>Lions traded No. 23 pick to Broncos for Manny Ramirez, pick No. 28, pick No. 143 (fifth round) and 2016 fifth-round pick.
He's not Manziel, guys. Relax. Where the fuck is all this "omg he's gonna party too hard" shit coming from? There are plenty of clubs in Tallahassee and if it were an issue, we'd already have heard all about it for the last 4 months.
Well damn, I guess that sucks since we drafted him to play 4-3 DE for Oregon. 
the /r/49ers thread on this is [grim](http://www.reddit.com/r/49ers/comments/34h06s/niners_take_arik_armstead_defensive_lineman/)
Uh, okay? I guess the fact that I don't know his name and the Pack used their first round pick on him is a good thing.
They were doing you had to name the person who was living there or it was a ticket. Dumb.
Eagles fans turning on him in a day. Myself included!
*And Amari Cooper was never heard from again...*
SPOILER: Darth Vader was Luke's dad 
lol of course he goes to the team that can least use him
Rapid fire picks so far.
If they are planning on starting Mettenberger week 1 then I'm not sure why they drafted Mariota.
Yes! I glanced up and thought we had traded up for a second.
"*Amari Cooper is great, rarely do we see a player who is quick, but also fast*"

Excuse you, I'm eating Doritos
Unless we switch to a 4-3!

DE: Williams
DT: Wilkerson
DT: Richardson
DE: Coples
First name of the night that Goodell Can't screw up
the horns sound like a remix of touch the sky by kanye west

he's from chicago so it'd make sense


I doubt we ever looked at Peters significantly. Pass rush will be our priority.
I love Jon Gruden more than my own father. I wish jon wouldve told me bedtime stories.
WOOO WAKE FOREST!
I'm baffled
J
man, mayock has been spot on so far
Now we gotta deal with that dude for the next 12 years
TRADE DOWN TRADE DOWN
Probably not that weird. They drafted him late last year out of LSU. 
Put the team and stadium on a ship and watch it sink from his beach chair.
They'll just field Dorsett against us on defense so we only get 298 yds rushing this time. 
Chargers fans calm down. Houston was going to take Gordon. He would not have been there had you stayed put.
USA USA USA
I swear to god if we dont draft an O-lineman.
Some of those Browns fans aren't sporting the new orange
Jets are gonna draft Bobby Boucher
Shaq: *grumble brumble* 4 rings

Charles: *something* America


It's interesting how all of the so-called "experts" said that there wouldn't be a ton of tackles taken in the early half of the 1st round, and yet 3 are already off of the board.

The only position that GMs and coaches value more than OT is QB. OT's are always going to go off the board early, even if teams have to reach for them.
Colts to themselves: "fuck your defense."
Are the boos because the Eagles didn't get the trade done?
Calm your tits, Mayock. Fowler's suit is baller as fuck.
I want him bad. Just hope nobody gets him before we can.
8 receiver sets. 3 wide with 5 on the line. 
Itshappening.jpg
Leonard?
Fined? He'll make him inactive for a year and then suspend for ten games next year.
He went in the 6th it isn't exactly favorable.
Melvin gordon for the chargers? 
The Titans subreddit has been in turmoil over Mariota being picked lmao.
Yeah? what happens? do they get $$$$$ aswell?

...this is the spoilers thread. 
LMAO they are booing already 
Doesn't matter, he'd retire after training camp.
NOW TRADE UP IN THE 2ND AND GET ANOTHER 1ST ROUND TALENT
I don't think it's a depth move, really. He plays both guard and center and his cap hit is $3 million, which is far too much for a backup interior lineman, even one that's versatile. They are probably going to make him the starting center. Swanson will have a chance to earn that job, I'm sure, but he will have to actually earn it.
ESPN right now

**PICK** break **PICK** break **PICK** break **PICK** break
I thought it was Cooper for sure 
If you're in the NFCW or AFCE picking an offensive lineman might not be sexy, but it's always smart.
If you're reading this. Mariota is already gone. 
#PICK IS IN
Stupid. Great pick. We'll see him going around twice next year. Be kind 
Lewis was drafted in 1996. The murder was in 2000.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Oh he won't get in trouble in Baltimore. /s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kmpnu0AFzA
Huh...weird.
Wisconsin backs are scary but I really like this dude.
Draft isn't over yet. 
Garth...

That was a haiku. 
Tryna
Ah thanks, so many offseason moves that I forget some.
Sleeves up don't shoot.
I think it started from the lockout and it's continued since.
Hey now, Stafford only fucks us up once a year
Fucking kidding me?
This isn't as fun to watch without Manziel's pouty face! - My Wife
But he's fast.
> Flowers

https://vine.co/v/OxlhmW1Y7UV
I had a slight hope that Gurley would still be available for the Texans. Rams are going to be good this season. Nick Foles, Tod Gurley and a scary defense.
"How has this journey been"

"Unbelievable"

Man Kolber is KILLING IT with these questions tonight. Fascinating stuff
because defense?
But they took the QB...
Interesting. 
Comment of the night so far
Oh, I got to go see this. Thanks for the tip. 
http://imgur.com/kA3Ph4F
Huhh.... I have no idea who Broncos are getting... but I have a feeling it will be a safety. Randall? Collins?
IT'S A PICK, NO TRADE.
It's official, RIP my heart 
You sure it wasn't the guy from that video game?
Right after the coach puts him in.
Yeah, I'm essentially apolitical at this point. *sigh*
Death Ray
Eagles trade sam bradford back to rams for number 10 pick.
No it wasn't.
It's crazy to see Collins and Brown still on the board. I don't get it.
He was a 6th round pick only because he got injured in his last college game. Would have gone much higher otherwise
All they signed on the D line was Stephen Paea who's not that good. ANd I would think at least a few of these teams would draft BPA instead of by need.
I overcooked my steak because I wanted to hear the Raiders select Leo... Boy was I disappointed
Wtf Oakland 
Um....okay?
WILLIAMS HAS SHOULDER ISSUES!?
Get used to a third string WR being your number one guy. Fuck you Todd Pinkston. 
Boooooorry
I like it. maybe a slight reach, but he probably wouldn't have been there at 44, so go get your guy Loomis. who dat 
THEY CANT KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH THIS
Running backs aren't dead!
We are just going to skip the defensive poriton of the game and sign a shit ton of offensive players.
Leonard Williams? I don't think they'd see each other much
Pretty much. His 40 time is fast, but he doesn't nearly play to it. Slow off the ball, plays high, isn't particularly good at anything.
They probably assumed Colts would take him?
even if the titans take Mariota now, they could still pull an Eli/Rivers and trade the draft rights later.
WHERES JA RULE?
Well i will root for Cooper still but i feel like playing "the one that got away" of katy Perry
Knew I should have thrown the /s on there.

I agree with you 100%, there was a big shitstorm of a thread on here a few days ago where Bomani Jones thought people only made that comparison because of their race.
Lmao Chris Berman is fantastic.
BB man and his black magic
Damn it, my dream was alive for a whole 13 picks. 
Grudens examples of running backs are all 20+ years ago. Different era. Running backs are not as important as back then.
Sammy Watkins for the #19 pick? I'm not complaining either
Leonard Williams or Amari Cooper?

Defense please
You don't run for 2587 yards in a season if you're slow.
Biggest steal yet.
HA THEY BLEW IT
Amari Cooper with the belt clip though
why is that good? :/
Except OL
I live in Maryland and now the Ravens have Perriman AND Kamar Aiken. After watching Aiken play as our #1 on garbage UCF teams, I'm super pumped to see them on the same team.
One of these days poor Mel Kiper is gonna snap on Gruden
Srsly. wtf?
That or a quick three tech, he is versatile enough for both and a good enough player too. Very surprised to see him drop this low.
Just FUCK EM'
We traded a 4th round pick, giving us 5 picks overall this draft (Lowest in the league) to move up 2 spots and get a guy who has a lot of potential. 
I dont know how to feel
Oh, I forgot you're paid to do this draft thing?! No you're just a random jerkoff who plays dynasty on madden. You clearly don't understand need and are just looking for flash. Now please go back to PS3
so im pretty sure we're going to a 4-3 zone now. Fuck yes
Did he die?
Obviously metts not our guy. 
Someone is getting a fucking STEAL with Leonard Williams.
Well shit... 
Chip could still trade for Mariota (because I am satan)
Goodell doing crowd work to not get booed. "Chi-town!"
SHIT
2nd trade wohoo
There's no way our pick can fail!
Coaches on loan for playoffs would be a pretty fun thing.
Steal for San Fran. Moved down two spots and got a 4th and 5th. But why did the Chargers need to jump in front of Houston? Arian Foster and Alfred Blue? Were they really going to go Gordon? Or maybe they are shopping that pick

Damn he is fast. Looks like a good pick!
1st round isn't the place to get RBs anymore, man. This draft is so deep you could honestly wait until the 3rd or 4th and get a better value back than Gordon or Gurley in the 1st.
FINALLY A FUCKING TRADE
damnit, I swear the rest of this draft is conspiring against us :(
Wow!!!
Have you talked to other athletes who have been in similar situations? I don't know whether or not that's kosher with your docs, but there's got to be people out there who can give recommendations on extracurricular stuff you can do.
As a coug, I find it hilarious that you guys had three first round picks, and you still sucked !
That's a weird move. 
I was really hoping for an OG but this will do.
JETS TAKE WILLIAMS PLEASE
He made us look silly =(
DONT FUCK THIS UP
Wow, seems like a helluva dude
WHAT THE FUCK Telesco. 

1. Drafting a RB in the first with our gaping holes on both lines is ridiculous.

2. Moving from 17 to 15 for a 4th and a 5th??? Terrible value. Gordon probably would have been there. 

This is something I'd expect from AJ. Or maybe Spanos has lost it and is pulling the strings. 

Edit: because I can't type with all this rage. 
I didn't care if we got Mariota or not, fuck me right?
Guess they were 
Cardinals select ***DJ HUMPHRIES***
Do you have a link to their mocks?
Not a short guy, sure, but not tall enough to win jump balls in the end zone, a la Megatron. That's becoming a critical component in the NFL.

Edit: After some analysis on Wide Receiver height vs. TD's scored, I retract my earlier statement. 6'1" is above average for the top 20 receivers in terms of TDs scored last year.
My exact reaction.... I bet we move some people around this year. It is going to be an interesting and fairly young backfield. I'm excited
He apparently tried. 
Boldin overcame drop catches. Feather on a bird scenario but hopefully he is a gym rat.
You know what, I'm alright with this. His upside is crazy, he's a huge dude, our head coach was a DL coach, and Justin Smith may still come back. The dude could become a monster.
Harsh. Mariato in the commercial too. 
freak athlete is literally the world record holder in the broad jump, ran a 4.4 40... smart, 4 year starter, team captain, big guy too
Of course he didn't. 

Anyone thinks that the Titans would turn down those picks, plus two VEEERRY good defenders was deluded...
What? That's unorthodox banter, we've probably had more highlight reel catches than anyone else over the past 2 years
Pulling offensive lineman, getting to the second level, and screen blocking
Was that before or after all the smokescreens cleared?
COME ON COLTS, LANDON COLLINS IS ALL YOURS NOW! :D
It's not Ray.


DOOOOM tho
Well yeah, the earth is 2015 years old.
Kinda anti climatic not having the top pick there. 
Why would you bring that up?
Weren't there a lot of 49er fans saying no way this happens?
PAC12adelphia eagles
*Fist pump*

"Go Chi"
Jesus! I thought you were joking at first!
I dunno man, Easley is a prototypical 3Tech DT. I don't really think there's any other position he's capable of playing.
Switch him to guard 
Which of us is the Joker & which of us is Gravel-Throat?
Was he really the Giants' BPA? They traditionally draft that way. Seems like a very weird pick.
That's his income, not his worth.

He gets it every fucking year.
>Marynowitz... "I've always been around prototype-driven personnel operations. Defer to size and speed and try to get guys that look the same and have a similar skill set.'' ... "It's a funnel system of 12,000-some college players that you funnel down to 3,500 to 1,600 to 600 to 300 to the 150 that are on your board,'' Marynowitz said. "In doing that, the first step of that is we're going to cross-check height, weight, speed and [scheme] fits. That's not to say we're going to totally eliminate a guy if he's outside those parameters. But he'd better be exceptional in a lot of other areas to take a shot at a guy like that.
"Hopefully they get that stadium going and he can come of the edge with some noise" LOL. I can't figure out if he did that on purpose or not though.
so....you gonna do it?
And so ends the great Zach Mettenberger experiment. 
Did you really just post a meme here
Mild mannered off the field, What mel lmao 
I like this pick a lot more knowing he isn't our #1... we have Rhodes for the big guys and Waynes has fantastic ability as a second corner. Have to trust Zimmer to coach him up here.
Nice black and red suit
DUDE CAN'T EVEN SAY OREGON RIGHT. GTFO GOODELL
HOLY FUCKING WOW!!! everyone saw that from a mile away lol 
I've waited too long for this. 
SOME CRAZY SHIT BETTER GO DOWN TONGIHT
So, which unexpected/no name player are the Jags going to take this year?
showing up late, arguing with coaches, and he was suspended for some academic stuff too 
There it is. Months of speculation and it's all over folks
Both look ugly 
I kinda want us to trade up. 
Haahahahaah how did you even find this
I've faceplanted in Ybor city. Good times 
Melvin's gonna look damn fine in powder blue.
So was Thomas Davis just announcing his replacement or what?
That is a strong tux game.
Wow, what a surprise!
It's gonna be a guard year. I can feel it. 
Fight me
Wow he killed that interview. I knew nothing about this guy a few minutes ago and now im rooting for him to succeed (personally, not his team). 
It's not that we don't grasp the idea of controlling the line of scrimmage. It's that Armstead, despite his size and strength, plays slow and gets blown off the ball a lot more than he should. 
Money.
RG: Hello all you loyal fans!

Fans: BOOOOOOOO
Until tom most likely.
I BELIEVE in him, looks like he can be a freak if he fixes those dropped balls
Eeeeeehhhh. Byron Jones was a better pick
Pretty sure that's a typo. Shaq is seven feet tall not six
haha nope wrong universe

Yeah baby...
Broncos are going to take him.
Bring up the Winston highlights.

Ahh! YouTube ad!
This kid has a great head on his shoulders. Can't help but to feel happy for him. 
yeah and you can improve it without spending a top 5 pick on it

williams was the bpa and was the perfect pick 


Damn.
Mack's eventual heir?
a 4th and 5th to move up 2 spots? thats heavy 
This kid is articulate as fuck
Clinton Dix and Randall will be a nice combo.
That's about what I'd expect.
I like him. Bigger DB are the future. 
Jags on the rise though
Just ask your mother, Trebek
I think if we do trade up in the 2nd it'll be for Jalen Collins if he falls? 
Yah well I wouldn't draft a change of pace back with the 10th overall pick.
Need a GIF of confused/sad/shocked Niners fan in hard hat 
They have surgery for that 
DAMN IT RAMS THAT'PS A GOOD PICK
Farmer to ~~sell~~ abandon the Browns confirmed
Smoking weed with Shane Ray
The second round, where Patriots DBs' careers go to die...
U win ty fellow Colt
This high every pick's considered a great prospect.
You shut your dirty mouth!!!!
We just picked another receiver for Jay, you should be excited!
That's totally a Giants move, make the unsexy sensible pick. I don't know what to think.
they don't need him, but i bet it will still be a good pick. i'm sure they'll find a way to balance them all (or given the sport just end up plagued with injuries).
Shit pick still not in
LA Chargers to NFC confirmed.
Already watched the Avengers. What else can I do?
Jed York is hinting its Armstead.
49ers are trading back with the Chargers.
It's fun for sure. And yeah St. Pete has some really good breweries. Really the entire area is somehow becoming a haven for beer lovers.
*Cheers*
WHAT THE HELL
Thank you Raiders!
The Titans? 
Honestly, we got away with one there.
http://i.imgur.com/KAovsUW.gif
Tackles weren't the problem with our O-line last year.
Houston
Will the shoe drop? 
My bad, I got wooshed.
No he had a really good rookie season, no reason to give up on him.
Well he did have a terrible drop percentage
[For you, Bucs fans](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYa6S6UA0MU).

Enjoy the playoffs.
Smart pick imo. He's got a genuine work ethic. Seems like the kind of player you could build around for years.
Can't believe they didn't take Leonard Williams. But then again, I'm some schlub on a couch, not an NFL scout. 
Yeah that makes sense.
Todd Bowles looks like a video game character in that picture.
YEAHHHHHHH!!!!!!
Really hoping Byron Jones or Damarious Randall are still there at 20.. the nerves are real lol.
Do I boo? I feel like I should, but I don't want to
Is he bald with dread locks? Idk if I've ever seen that before
Didn't even realize there were different threads lol
Oh okay. I thought you meant that they had different roles and I was confused. 

Beasley is a very good pass rusher but he's under 250lbs and that's tiny for a DE, even one whose primary role is pass rushing.
Ill have you know "Drinking and Drafting" took 4th out of 12 teams last year.
There goes the dream :(
You guys just nailed this fucking draft. Two of my favorite prospects of this year, and you got both of them. A fucking house of a NT to fix the weak spot on your DL, and a 4 position OL who can slot in at LG this year, and potentially replace Mack next year if he opts out.

PS: THIS IS A SEXY AS FUCK PICK. NOSE TACKLES ARE BEAUTIFUL TOO!
THOSE CLIPPED WINGS CAN'T FLY NO MORE PHILLY
Unless you draft a quarterback, they fuck up more than everyone else top 5.
2 Gordon 2 Furious
Yeah, I think he's top 5. Also, he knows *every single player* in the draft. Come Saturday when the picks are into the 200's Kiper still knows everything about these guys.
Well now I'm sad...
Where is Todd McShay??
With Sheard Jones and Ninko rotating off the edge!
Day #1 complete, woo!
Hoping some team makes a block buster trade for Peterson to make the day more interesting. 
TRADE!
[Spoilers?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaSRYecKaqc)
Yay people booing Jets
**FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK**

**FUCK**

I wanted him.
I like that Winston and Mariota are skipping the draft room. I think more athletes (not just NFL) should spend the day with the people who care about you and helped get you there
Here's the pick ... I lied
he did not like this pick at all. lol "he's a suspect tackler"
and not a single OL was left
you got your wish 

How does Randall fit with Haha?
You guys already got top 15 talent at #32, need to stop this picking up good players. Should have drafted a WR that turned out to be below average.
BOOOOOOO

Force of habit. Good pick 
Yeah, your old head coach won rings with the Giants and the Patriots. That's gotta sting, huh?
More like oven fired. mmm.
Just two more picks until the first trade of the draft.
Damn I was hoping Gurley wouldn't be playing in our division. Rams could be even scarier if Gurley heals up well
But he has a strong arm. He was drafted as a fucking catcher. 
"You're gonna be on national TV on the biggest night of your life...whaddya gonna wear?"

"I dunno... sweatpants maybe?"

"Can you sag the wasteband so everyone sees your drawers?"

"You got it! That'll be tight, bruh"
He seems very determined. 
Hey now there's an unusual hairstyle for an NFL defensive back.
Please, never refer to recently pop-culture shows, Gruden. Thank you
Domo arigato Marcus Mario-to 
Apparently, so did a lot of teams.
Peat apparently...
Watt must be happy to have another wingman.
Now I'm worried.
people are at least going to wait until the 3rd day.
Why the fuck did they spell it like that lol

Edit: Erekt 
..is good, but he's not Todd Gurley. Nothing wrong with having two really good backs.
Congratulations "Marcus Mariato"!
Don't most draft experts say otherwise?
and you got the best one. Cooper is seriously good. Like he is my pick for ROY this year.
You've got Alfred Blue though, not too shabby 
Hell yeah, moral victory mothafuckas!
what? h ehad over 100 tackles last year how can he not tackle? the scouts who say he can't tackle are obviously just watching highlight reels.
Im getting fucking vertigo
Who expected this one?
damn
\#ShoeHype
Of course the Raiders take a WR.
Yeah, and if the 49ers still get the pick they want, its all win!
Commercials right before our pick? This is some bullshit
MIKE JONES
Now that's a tall DE
Keep him as starting free safety..? 
Good to see ~~Jae Crowder~~ ~~Demarre Carroll~~ ~~2chainz~~
Todd Gurley get drafted as high as he deserves.
:>
I thought their free agent moves were considered some of the worst of the offseason. Overpaid for a lot of guys who weren't exactly instant starters like Dwayne Harris. Also last year's draft hasn't exactly worked out well so far besides hitting on OBJ.

I guess I'm alone in my opinion in this thread lol
Top 10 picks went through with no trades, when was that last time that happened.
all the ILBs are still on the board, but literally everything else we need has been pillaged 
D
Laken Tomlinson looks like he just finished planning this Sunday's sermon.
Damn Shelton is really good, those highlights
Or maybe because there are glaring holes in the line and we're going to draft o-line regardless of what imaginary influence Cowboys fans delusionally think their team has?
That dude is fast as shit.
Hush, we still have to pick...
Trent Cole is the NFLs grandpa 
I could think of at least three uses for that.
HOUSTON HE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE OURS WHAT THE FUCK
This is a wonderful day!!!!!
wow. u were so right
**T**rae **W**aynes with the **11**th pick, to the Vikings, nonetheless.

I'm ready to buy the jersey, please don't bust.
Hell yeeeeeah!
Just watch the stream, man.

http://zunox.hk/zunox1.html
come on jags take fowler...
BREAKING NEWS

Tampa Bay renames stadium to Raymond Jameis Stadium 
Cmon, flash the trade graphic! I want to see some drama
To be fair about that multiple team family commercial, my family consists of Giants, Cowboys, Eagles, Falcons, and Bucs. 
the drought is over
Sooooooooo, what are the Wilkerson trade rumours? I've never seen any.
Same record and etc
Incredible young man. Inspiring. I wish him well.
As a bengals and UK fan. Fuck. 
I knew you'd love this pick. Johnson is a hell of a player.
Yes. Swap what OP said with Sammy Watkins name instead and it makes much more sense.
I'm sad Jae Strong was left on the board. 
screenshot of girl behind Marioto?
THE PICK IS IN JUST SHOW IT C'MON PEOPLE
Damn, shouldve traded up
Another INT
Field goal set up by a defensive turnover.
Seriously? Where have you been hiding?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
FUCK YESSSSSSSSSSS
Williams dropping like crazy
Thank GOD
how
I'd say RT was by far the team's biggest need. 
you drafted a guard in the top 5 lol
hahah!
Fuuck bears might take Williams!!! Pls Jets
About to get picked by the dick.
[Randy Gregory runs Flowers over like he was in the way of his weed](http://draftbreakdown.com/gif-embed/?clip=253752&gif=ThoroughMeatyIndianrockpython)
He better hope he doesn't get traded to Kris Humphries' entourage
Good pick. Sucks that a few months ago there was talk of taking him in the second though, would have been nice to upgrade the secondary with a R1 talent
Trae Waynes!
[Jets front office reaction when williams was available ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GpLyCAQlsk)
I have to agree with people here, pretty stunned she would bring up his deceased brother after the most important moment of his life. 
Yall can have Dupree lol 
They should pick Leonard Williams. They might pick Fowler. 
Great deal for the niners imo. only move down two spots and gain two more picks

Yeah I just realized that
DO IT TOM
And the trades happen now
Are you kidding? Chip is gonna draft 4 fuckin QBs tomorrow. Might even trade up for a couple of them.
damn i wanted him so bad
Kush bruh
That makes sense. 
Nope

Beasley please. Kthnxbye
/#JustGrigsonThings
I wish Bose had paid for limited pre-recorded vignettes too.
Dare I say he is playing extremely well football?
HERE WE GO 
Eagles do a three color number which looks great, you need a two color number on a black if it has any chance of looking good, unless you're a two color team like the raiders.
Jameis Christ, you're right.
Well, when you get the chance, you have to pick the QB. I hope he can be a true pro at the position.
Guess we'll won't know how Mariota plays in Chips system...unless there is still another shoe to drop
I'm just saying it wasn't last year, relax
Build that defense jags
Yeah I like Marioto. If Mett is traded then he's starting whether he's ready or not, and I'd hate to see him in a David Carr-situation. 



I can't believe the Steelers got Dupree. Because, the Steelers need an All-Pro LB corps for all eternity.
Pick is in redskins pick john gruden
wow WTF
They're not going to have williames, Wilkerson, and Richardson on the field at the same time. Lol there rotation is going to be ridiculous, but I aint even mad
Thanks for that :). You alright.
2 RBs in the first 15 picks.
Oregons jersey's are always so sick. 
Rip Tom Brady
Scheme fit
Well, I don't know what you are using, but if it is some website or TV, you are getting a significant delay as opposed to being there or big websites like that.
It turns out offense is really important in college ball.
"He could be Jerry Rice" jesus christ stop the presses.
fuck him
I'm pretty sure there's some law against having Shelton on your dline.
LETS GO BABY
PLEASE JETS NOT WILLIAMS
Pretty shit statement about the league when the likely top 2 picks are no shows.
Redskins be salavating
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Collective bargaining agreement has made most rookie contracts pretty much settled. Not much left to negotiate 
There's a perception that he has a higher ceiling than Winston.
Oh man the practices. So many good practices.
About tree-fiddy
Would have loved to see him in Detroit. 
That is how you say it, I'm pretty sure.
"I want on chip's wild ride"

Mettenberger 
Totally was expecting Parker with Bridgewater.
"I haven't been fucked like that since grade school."
Rams are going for a nasty defense and a great running game. I like it.


Not sure how far they'll get against good teams without a passing game, but if they can pick up some offensive playmakers and beef up the O line in the next year or two, they wont have many weaknesses.
No trade
What are you talking about? a 4th and future 5th is so little, especially if the guy was gonna come off the board.
Come on day 2! Hope we grab marpet!
Go Packers Kappa
YAY
This draft is so predictable its boring
Fuck us.
Titans trade rape pls....
yall are some cynical assholes.
Been dranking with Schefty and Mort I suppose
>> "That Albert Einstein? Johnny Manzel."

>>--Abraham "Gandhi" Lincoln

>


 -*Michael Scott*
BYRON JONES HYPE TRAIN
A big reason Bowles got a HC job was because of his work last season with the Cardinals. They had multiple injuries but that defense just kept on rolling, he was able to make adjustments and they didn't miss a beat. I'm sure he'll find use for Williams.
Wow that was a quick pick was in!
Good thing there are lots of other important aspects to the game of football.
Anyone got a link to the interview? Missed it.
He pronounced Marcus Mariota wrong again
Hmm thought Dupree for sure 
Why the actual fuck would the Titans turn that down? Just why. That's messed up to a new level
Wouldn't mind Collins if he's still there
RIP Brady.
If Goodell had trouble with Mariota, I can't wait to see what he does with Owamagbe Odighizuwa. 

Dallas pls
The 28th pick, denvers 5th this yr and next, + manny ramirez who is a starting guard
His name has been ALL OVER THE FUCKING MEDIA and Gooddell messes up his name. 
What a heartless bitch. Who the thinks (this guy is having a great day, better bring up his dead brother.) People never cease to amaze me.
What is happening!?!
> "No, he can't cover," a third scout said. "I don't think he's got the feel." 

Always a good thing to read on a scouting report for a CB. How are scouts so far apart on the same guy? It's crazy.
Its not our biggest need, but it is a need, and at a skill position. I like this pick.
Winston, Mariota, Cooper, White, Shelton, Agholor and Byron Jones
Raiders fans going berserk. Khalil Mack and Williams is scary
chip is crying into his playbook
Phillip has started creating his own football team in S.D.
I HOPE THE JETS TRADE US FOR EVERY 7TH ROUNDER EVER FOR THEIR 6TH PICK
squeeee
Hey we can beat the packers in basketball at least
Finally, would have been a great pick for the Bears though
OMG HE SEEMS SO HUMBLE I LOVE HIM.
Me too brother. I don't think either of us are taking him. 
10 minutes I think 
Man most of these high profile OLineman end up busting lately. I'd much rather go later for one. 
The Rog sounds like he's asking a question when he says Oregon. "Or... uh... gone?"
gotta be the shoes
Can confirm. Expecting first one in November =]
It's almost like Kiper has no clue wtf he is talking about 
Looks like this is the retirement joke we've chosen. To the top!
It's pronounced Marioto
Well something's going on in TB's war room 
#The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are now on the clock.
Leonard Williams was *right there*. What the fuck, Titans.
TIL getting kicked off of your team after several disciplinary measures equals attitude. 
The New York Sack Exchange is reopening this season. 
Fucking Gruden keeps saying Shelton is from Utah
Damn, that means Steelers are getting Peters guaranteed
PICS MOTHER FUCKER
Are Mizzou prospects ever any good? Sean Witherspoon notwithstanding
itll be sweet if the draft goes off without any drama. complete opposite of the offseason so far.
God please don't start a run on CB's.
His happiness is contagious. I'm excited to see him play.
Could be the best OT to come out of his draft. His injury history is very scary though
OH MY GOD IT'S TIME PEOPLE.

BUCS ARE PICKING BRYCE PETTY.
Welp RIP Mariota's career.
Plus Landry, Stills, Jennings and Cameron.
Gruden bagged that Mariota scent and whiffs it just to get high each night.
Hey Joe Namath
They didn't move down they just traded for manny and 2 5's 
I can't wait for him to light it up and be traded a year from now!
Haha, *of course* Malcolm Brown would fall to the Pats. With their luck they probably end up with Gregory in the 2nd round.

I think the worst pick was Armstead, especially considering that Brown was still on the board at that spot. Poor 49ers, for a minute they were a great rival, now it's just kind of sad.
If only.
woooomp wooomp
wow
Basically neutralized ours
Something something legal high
 Nice pick Brownies
I'm booing at my house. Does that count?
Dan Wilkinson did not attend the draft in 1994 as the first overall pick.
ARE YOU FUCKING SHITTING ME? ARE YOU FUCKING SHITTING ME WHAT THE LIVING FUCK?

How do you get that wrong LOL
You can choose the specific charity, but one that is giving aid to Nepal
If you ruin Todd Gurley I will never forgive you
This is where I miss Al Davis
I'd like to think he goes to check into the doctor's office and everyone else in the waiting room boos him. It's a conditioned response, people see him and they boo
Come on, Redskins. Do something stupid. 
Gordon gone and Peters gone. I guess we're going WR now?
this is a steal
Nothing new there.

We were ranked 31st in run defense last year...
Goodell: "Good evening Chicago"

Chicago: Booooo!
I think they just really loved Dorsett for some reason and just couldn't pass it up? 2 out of the 3 picks will probably be defense.
Weeden?
So many tackles and OL in general. Damn. 
time for an uprising!
Kevin White and Alshon Jeffery. Shit.
oregon state?
I'm too white for all these dreads
B-b-b-bryan Bennett? The duck hunt was real.
Holy shit. 
What about the shoes?
That was our interpretation of the rule.

Thats our motto
And He still can not smoke it.
How do you know?
This warms my heart right here. :) 

(I'm not even a Pats hater, but if a good team wanted what we got, I'm happy!) 
EXACTLY how I feel about this.
You take the best player. Especially is that player is ranked 1 on most boards. 
Anyone notice how hot his girlfriend is?
Am I the only Chargers fan that's okay with the Melvin Gordon trade?
Always does
Watching the Bulls game atm, but I hope the AFC South gets more competitive with Mariota on the Titans.
FUCK its got to be so awesome to get drafted by the hometeam crowd. he can get laid, eat anywhere and do anything he fucking wants tonight.
21 going on 50
WE GOT A TRADE HERE FOLKS!
Normally, they just get distracted or antsy. Everyone has things they're doing before the snap. The QB and center are making protection adjustments. The QB is also changing the play or the routes or the gap the run is through. Each linemen is focusing on how he can get inside/outside leverage The crowd is cheering as loud as they can to distract them. It's a lot to keep up with, especially as you get tired and it can be easy to forget whether the QB said the snap count was 1 or 2. And the O lineman is trying to get the jump on the 300 pound behemoth in front of him. Against guys like JJ Watt, you need every millisecond you can get 
I'd rather have unsexy picks then sexy picks. Look where the flashy picks has gotten us the last 20 years. I trust Scot on this one.
And that kid has a receding hairline! What's up with that?
Kiper needs to slow the fuck down or he'll be dead by midnight.
And here I was hoping Flowers would drop to 19. Oh well
And picks 1 and 2 aren't even present lol.

Eat it Goodell.
HERE WE GO!
"And Carr overthrows Cooper" has a nice ring to it 
Then ignore /r/nfl 
Hey now, the Bucks were counted out of the season in preseason, week 1, all star week, and even the start of the playoffs. This whole season was nothing but a success. 
Please someone make a fucking trade already.
I'm *almost* starting to feel bad for Niners fans at this point
Its going to be Hundley. Because Jets
Not worried about your guy RyRy?
To Be Fair the Baltimore War Room should be home right now. Get on it National Guard
Who were you hoping for?
While I certainly agree that Ybor is sketchy at night (I work here during the night, delivery for Cristino's), I would MUCH rather walk around Ybor than say College Hills. That could be the worst place in Tampa.
Plus they really need a safety. WR is probably the one position they're set, not counting QB.

Irsay popped one too many in the war room I guess.
Might not be Harrison. Williams is not the ideal size for NT, or Wilk.
Peat is what I'm hearing
There's never enough DE/DTs.
We already have one of the best centers in the league but I'm sure this guy is the long term solution at C with Macks uncertain future 
Is the Xbox One live draft super behind for anybody else?
shut up bitch im following the draft through this smh
Offense on offense on offense. You can take the Peyton out of Indy...
no link?
Wow. Was not expecting that
LMAO I just died at this
Um yeah....
Well he probably would've been if it weren't for all the commercials.
something something Bryan Cranston
twitter
Because the only person we'd move up for is gone...?
friendship fail
The PICK IS IN
YES MACOLM IN THE MIDDLE, 


still miss you Vince:(
Football starts in the trenches. Scot knows what hes doing. 
You're in for a surprise 
Myron Rolle tho :(
I remember people predicted that to happen when it was announced that he would say their first round pick.
I see, going with the lets try to score 30 points per game approach. Doesn't work guys trust me
Mariota 
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
For anyone interested but not watching, Capitals still up on the Rangers 1-0 after 2nd. 
Why do you want him so bad?
i... i just cant believe it. 
da hell is wrong with mortenson
Him and Dez together will be great.
I was talking about Melvin but that works too I guess
COME BACK JON
Maaan, but i guess we need a line for RG3
Trade
NOOOOOOOOOO
Luck vs Jets, Texans x2, Miami, and Buffalo............... Well, and Patriots obviously. This is gonna be good. 


^^^^^Someone ^^^^^hold ^^^^^me, ^^^^^though... 
All this talk for no trade. Kinda anticlimactic 
*pleasenotatackle pleasenotatackle pleasenotatackle pleasenotatackle*

EDIT: *FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUCK*
Tre Mason be like...
If teams have the same record they alternate draft spots.
THE BEARS JUST WON THE SUPERBOWL!
Eagles trade pick to Titans for Marioto +++
"Marcus Marioto."
-Goodell
Ray will be smoking mad kush in Colorado
Packers getting booed by Bears fans. We feed off your hate.
Parker and Shelton still available. Hold me
IGGLES FANS

ON

SUICIDE

WATCH
Every time Goodell walks out it's like watching a WWE event.
Cooper or Williams? This is probably the hardest choice of the draft, but something tells me the Raiders can't go wrong here. 
Ya got 10 minutes Chip.

He better be #1.
Pretty confusing pick by the Ravens. Wow
Why the hell would you not just send a message?
Because there was
It's been signed?
Wow, honestly thought he'd fall to us.
Love it
wooo hooo trade
"Marcus Morioto"
DM me the pick. I won't tell anyone and if you're right you will have a vicious advocate in me forever

Guessing it's a WR to replace DT? Can't think of anyone else Elway is pissed at.
That is Jalen Rose levels of suit awfulness 
Underrated comment of the day, here.
he doesn't seem excited

If the NFL wasn't money grubbing all the time and wanting to suck up every cent from these commercials, we'd probably be done with round 1 the way this draft has gone.
Johnny Football happened
This was a pretty good pick
But if you throw a good quarterback onto a team without the necessary pieces around him, he will fail. It doesn't matter how much potential that qb has.
Breaking: CLE DT Shelton suspended 10 games for assaulting the commissioner. Will appeal. Wow.
Wow....they just passed on the best player in the draft AND he wanted to play there. What the fuck. 
*shakes fist*
Part of the stadium deal that St. Louis gave the Rams must be they get dibs on anyone's ACL.
LOL REDSKINS
WOW!
Better against the run and getting old. Upgrade needed. Good pick. 
SHOUT OUT TO DEATH CAB
BEARS LETS GET WILLIAMS
Thank christ, let's get this over with.
McLendon: Aren't you nervous? Dude we got blown off the line last season. Cam talk to me!

Heyward: Man relax, we're gonna be fine. 

McLendon: How so? Our line is just you and me-

Heyward: You, me.. *and Dupree*

*Heyward winks*
Now they have Big Bang Theory in Sheldon Richardson and Leonard Williams. 
Haha, anyone else laughing at the boos Goodell receives everytime he steps out to give the pick?
I think the Vikings get Bridgewater some help in bring in his old teammate Devante Parker if not I think Trae Waynes is the pick. I also wouldn't be surprised if the Vikings reach and take Gordon with Gurley of off the board and the possibility of the getting rid of Peterson
Newton is getting Archie Manning'ed.
Pretty clear from the war room vid that they were on the phone with a player. 
Sam Glassford is also pleased
WOW!!! Surprising!
Might be a struggle what with the legal mary jane.
THE BUCS ARE ON THE CLOCK! 
FOWLER FOWLER FOWLER PLEASE.
I'm really surprised. 
White works for the Bears. They traded Marshall and is 9 million a year or whatever, and just replaced him with a guy 8 years younger and way cheaper. Leonard Williams was gone, so this was the right move. 
Anything good on tv to watch during commercials?
fuuuuuuuuuck
You're in luck. There just so happens to be a guy in need of a good dick ripping.
Do the deal
Buc her right in the pussy!
Insert marijuana joke here 
With the second pick in the 2015 NFL draft, the Philadelphia Eagles take...

Todd Gurley, running back, the University of Georgia.


Wild card Chip strikes again!
Why? Who cares if you hold your opponent to like 10 points when you can only score 3 yourself?

Jets needed offense way more than that pick.
How embarassing. He is wearing the same dress as his mom. Should have checked beforehand ...
Jaguars aren't messing around, pick already in.
go to the thread about the pick
If we end up getting Randy Gregory... Holy shit 
That guy thinks he's so cool I bet
Like cocaine?
We will get criticized for this pick, but I have feeling that, in our continued quest to emulate the Seahawks, Shaq is supposed to be our Kam Chancellor.

As to how well that will go....I, uh, fingers-crossed?
You realize they also need time to deal with trades right 
Thank you crowd. Fuck you Goodell. 
Chip really is insane.
WHAT IF THEY DON'T DRAFT MARIOTA
That D-Line rotation.
Who assaulted Seahawks fans.
texans get bud dupree
That sounds like the RGIII trade pt 2. 
Marioto sounds like a pokemon
Still could be traded, but I would stick with Mariota. Has great potential, and could be the QB that Titans haven't had since McNair
Can you blame our 37 year old quarterback for getting a jump start on working out? God there are some absolute beasts in our division on every d-line. 
Yeah it is, Kelvin is exactly like Kevin but with an extra L. 
Give them the black jerseys
Well, I mean they'll all move around.

I want to see Stills in the slot because they don't press as much, and having someone like Stills forces safeties to stay home and cover the seam. 
Love it.
I'm a UF Fan. I dont get DJ in the first. He was a 5 star, #1 OT out of high school and he not once lived up to his potential here. Better run blocker than pass blocker. We had to give him help vs speed rushers constantly because he just cant handle them. i dont get it
Based chip pls
Plus the giants wanted brandon so it's a double win
Awesome pick. Only second to Dorsett for me at that position. Really glad we didn't use it on Byron Jones. 
Well, we also tried to trade everything for Mariota....
I really hoped irrationally that Shelton would fall to us 
Ebin meem breh
 I hope Leonard Williams is gonna be more motivated than ever to make the Raiders regret that.
Dammit all to hell.
JRob was solid in his first year under Zim, so 5.
Such a shame...
There's a glitch in the matrix
Ayyyy lmao the dude who got busted for weed goes to fucking Denver, Colorado. 
Neutral job.
aaaaaaannnd he's dead to me
Just dump it off to him as soon as the ball snaps I guess
And the Peat goes on...

Yes, I have been waiting all night for that.
Fair point, he probably would.
Falls right into the SKins' laps!
I actually love Perriman. Sure the drops are a concern but they can't be any worse than Torrey. And I think overall he's quicker and better in the open field than Torrey ever was. Very solid replacement I think
JFK reference?
I'm so pissed.
Hey I liked those EJ Williams Winfield defenses, and Sharper wasn't disgraced/evil
RAIDERS! GONNA! RAIDER! AHAHAH
Wow, Laken has really win me over. Such a well spoken dude. Probably would get along well with John Urschel.
[MFW](http://digitaldeconstruction.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/belichick.jpg)
Straight up drop a foot.
Everyone saw this coming when they traded up, but damn Chargers that backfield could be scary.
"Let's cherry pick second half plays against FCS teams to show how he has no motivation."

Fuck that shit. I hate Jon Gruden
probably not a good idea
York'd 
They said when you look at the cost of moving up 2 spots and see how expensive that is, that it would have been basically impossible for a team to move up to #2
Maybe there is insider information that he conspired against the US and coordinated 9/11
ARE YOU SERIOUS RIGHT NOW???
I'm with you on that, I think they weight he'll end up putting on will help him take on the double teaming.
Or Marshall Faulk.
GIANTS GM'S FAVOURITE HALO IS REACH 

GOT HEEEEEEM
Already in them Falcon colors too. WELCOME HOME BEASLEY! 
didnt come up with any pics or vids bro. and safesearch was off
we've got one, Dominique Easley will be playing DT right next to him. I'm sure he'll be able to take advantage of a few of those double teams Brown draws. Chandler Jones will be playing on the other side of him. That looks like a recipe for getting pressure to me. 
Someone else might have been trying to trade up for him. Probably Houston's pick
Did they ban trades from the draft this year?
Yeah, but honestly we probably dodged a bullet. I was hoping for Mariota, but SO MUCH would have had to go right for it to happen. I love this pick.
Hey, they were being serious with BPA i guess.
I'm getting nauseous looking at Goodell.
I would have been more impressed if the prediction was from more than 20 minutes ago...
What the fuck is that? 
True on Dorsett being first round talent, but we have no long term answer at safety, dline, o line, linebacker, rb. I didn't think that they could mess up on the pick. Guess I was wrong
Phillip "T.Y. Hilton" Dorsett
MariotOOOOOO, Fuck you Goodell, dumbass.
COME TO US LEONARD
With Peters, Waynes, and Johnson off the board I'm very happy to go into a 13th year of not seeing the Steelers draft a DB in the first round.
Lol I was thinking the same thing. He was probably like, "Shit, my days are numbered"
I'd trust a raider to know one when he sees one. 
fuck the vikes. he was mine.
GOD DAMMIT. HE **WANTED** TO FUCKING PLAY FOR US. FUCKING FUCK
I don't get this pick. Someone convince me why this was smart when we need ILB depth and there was a great ILB available
iron chef morimoto

You've still got one more this round. Don't lose hope yet for the \#lolbrowns
dolphins:

GET ALL THE WRS
I thought Kevin White was the Kevin White of CBs
I wonder when some trades will start going down! Let's get some drama. 
not if they were picking best value and just taking him because he was there. that would actually be optimal time to pull the trigger. 9ers want out because they know they are picking on value and they need more bodies, chargers know they cant wait anymore.

maybe tho. who knows.
The more picks the merrier. I like the trade.
Hope the cowboys pass on brown
4 and 5 I think
They print out the name and put it on the jersey.
Lol what?
thanks!
no Jaelen in the first round :(
Because this sub is dumb as fuck
This is my first time watching the draft. After finding out the first two picks, it's been pretty meh. Is it normally more exciting?
Forever all night, yes.
[My reaction](http://img.pandawhale.com/post-31580-Larry-David-cringe-meh-gif-Img-wyjc.gif)

Hope Jameis leads us to three Super Bowls and I have to eat my hat, though.
I think this is way to early for a RB. I will now copy and paste this post and use it for the next draft as well. And for the Gordon. 
YOURE ALL ASSHOLES
Trying to move it to Tennessee but that trade might fall a few inches short. 
That was a surprise
Wow. Heisman QBs suck.
WHO DID LEONARD WILLIAMS MURDER
Hope not, or the Browns will do something right
Got Ramirez too 
Don't worry, it'll all be over in 25 minutes...

And then it will REALLY start.
No fuckin around over here
Fuck Duke
My booty can't handle dis 
1st and 4th this year and a 5th next year
Lack of dropped shoes
*Take look, it's in a book.*
You're dealing with Ken (WE DON'T GIVE A FUCK) Whisenhunt! He's gonna trade away your future to buy a shitty present.
I'm having a field day watching his pics
Who do you want?
MOVE ON UP
Can we take hipster Foxy Cleopatra off my TV? 
Yeah not the greatest play, but the int itself was sick. 
WINSTON! IM NOT SURPRISED BUT GOD DAMN I LOVE BEING THIS HYPE! SOMEONE HUG ME
Finally 
Can we stop upvoting people in the mock drafts acting like they know exactly what their GM will or won't do?

It's fine to speculate, but seeing colts fans immediately dismiss mock drafts because "LOL OUR GM WILL NEVER DRAFT A WR", is annoying as fuck. Especially when they turn out wrong, which is often.
ASS DICK BEEZE!!!
Great pick
> Plus Landry, Stills, Jennings and Cameron.

heh, they should put cameron in at TE every so often just to fuck with defenses. cameron wake that is
Oh damn looks like I'll cheer on the Rams more often.
Manny Ramirez G, (drafted by the Lions in 07), 5th this year (143rd), 5th next year
Goodell butchering the guy's name....yet *another* reason to hate him!
Mariota's pocket presence isnt as good as his pocket movement. Hope the Titians dont plan to start him early. He'll be destoryed 
a bitch has to be insane to say some shit like that to me. No girl in her right mind would allow me to cum in her with no contraceptives.
The Mack of this year's draft?
Great pick!!!! I don't think he has any off the field problems to worry about, he just hated the coaching [change](http://www.seattletimes.com/sports/uw-husky-football/marcus-petersrsquo-dismissal-from-uw-football-team-latest-disciplinary-development-for-chris-petersen/)
a cb wearing a wr number?? 
Malcolm Brown for sure, evem if Jones was still there. He aint no Vince, but he would ease the passing. 
I'm not mad, just fucking shocked..... but who the fuck is going to block for him?
Shaking his head because he has to play for the Vikings. 

True Wisconsin boy!
WHERE IN THE WORLD IS ALEX FLANNIGAN
It's Marioto
Parker you would think? 
Lol they didn't get Bryan Bennett haha
The league will mandate a minimum time next year. They will say its going to fast
WOOO the Jamaican Sensation!
3 first rounders for Washington. We should have been so much better than 8-6
Please Jets draft a fucking impact player! It's been too long!
Super gifted athlete with questionable football IQ. Very solid pass rusher, could be another James Harrison if he pans out.
Jesus christ Rich butchered that story.
How dare you speak against the Allfather Bill Belichick?
White.
Shhhh. Its all a ruse.
#WITH THE 6TH PICK IN THE 2015 NFL DRAFT, THE NEW YORK JETS SELECT GARRETT GRAYSON. 

#BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
DAMARIOUS RANDALL, Arizona State (5-11, 197, 4.41, 1-2): Played junior-college baseball for a year, hurt his shoulder and returned to football for two JC seasons. Started for Sun Devils at FS in 2013-'14. "He reminds me of Devin McCourty," one scout said. "Size is the hold-back. He's just not physical." Twelve months ago his weight was 187. "He reminds me a little bit of the guy the 49ers drafted last year (Jimmie Ward) at the bottom of the first," a second scout said. "People talk about it's a passing league and the box safety is growing out of style. He kind of fits in with the new wave of safeties who can cover receivers and are strong enough to play around the line of scrimmage. But sometimes he gambles a little too much and takes himself out of position." Finished with 177 tackles (15 for loss), six picks and 12 PBUs. Wonderlic of 18. "He's not a good tackler," a third scout said. "He doesn't break down. Just dives at people. Small-framed person. Small waist. Little bowlegged." From Pensacola, Fla.
no spoilers dingus
After all your complaining!
About time for a trade
AHHH SPOOKY GHOST.

BOOOOOO
It really is. The fact that he was still on the board while beimg considered the top prospect of the draft at 6 has me both really happy and really scared.
Wow

WE DON'T NEED A FUCKING DLINEMAN, WE HAVE OTHER NEEDS GOD DAMN IT
stupid narrative is stupid. It's Round 1. 
Bad pick.
I'm joking brahh
Good pick, could really help 
Traded ethnicities from Hawaiian to Asian.
Really? Another lineman?
What a coincidence Shane Ray was taken to Denver of all places!
It's getting old hearing boos every time Goodell walks up. 
Holy shit. They must've really wanted Marioto.
I am so scared....
[Philadelphia in one picture.](http://i.imgur.com/oIFwYCe.jpg)
I was at the dispensary picking up when the Broncos drafted Shane Ray. The budtender and I had a good laugh.
Dude is looking fly
Good pick Falcons
Bryce Petty, spoilers.
I'M READY
Sure....Draft a QB when the head coach is notorious for not developing them. Pass on a defensive all-star when a legendary defensive coach in Dick LeBau is in the background. Ridiculous. Especially, when the Eagles wanted to Herschel Walker trade themselves. Man, super excited! /s (Rolls eyes)
Oh, fuck you Bears.

Bring on Byron Jones. 
Suzy is asking some dumbass questions
They have blank jerseys with a printing press ready in the back for when picks are announced
I wish I could make a Jason Witten pun with that last sentence so badly
Local boy he will get my support
Mariota looks like a christmas tree
Gotta be
Interesting to see how much further Malcom Brown, Randall and Byron Jones slip. Would love either of the three in the second as unrealistic as that may be.
So many ILB...
BEASLEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Karma I guess, I had Humphries as the tackle I wanted most but I still have hope in finding a later round prospect we can develop. Congrats on the pick, hopefully he can help keep Palmer healthy this year so we can play you again in the playoffs in a real matchup!
Yes, we play base 25% of the time roughly. Capers values versatility and puts our guys in different positions based on the different special packages (see: Micah Hyde). I think it's important to note that traditional positions are pretty much dead in today's game and that having players that can do specialized things is very important.
WE WANT CHIP
HOLY SHIT THAT VOICE CRACK
take care of Leonard please...
Brain drain amirite?!?
This is what we've all waited for!
Gordon seems cool as hell
Bills already helping them out. 
Exactly my thoughts when I first heard it. The more I think about it the more I like it though.
Never in your life motherfcuker
WHAT DID WILLIAMS JUST DROP TO 5?!
They already have Zac Stacy, Isaiah Pead, and Tre Mason.
"Malcom Go!"
Excellent pick cant go wrong with an Iowa man
Every year, it seems like the Cowboys cock block the ravens. 
Have you watched much of anything leading up too the draft? You don't know who the top rated Corner in the draft is?
Das rascist
They should have done the analysis in Chicago, would be a lot more exciting television.
With Shaun hill at QB. You honestly think the niners are still better?
fucking insane
get the fuck out of the spoiler thread then
He's bigger and slower than Jackson. Like everybody else in the NFL. More like Machin imo
they look like hops
Hahahahaha
I don't think the Jets take Williams. And watch Chicago take Kevin White for some reason. Atlanta gets the best defensive prospect in the draft
Because we could have kept Marshall and traded our first round pick for nothing and its the same deal...duh dude, simple maths. Cuntderware
Chip will just have to wait 2 years for when TEN is done with Mariota.
an extra player for each spot you fell back? pretty cool.
Yeah and what has all of the exciting picks done for us? Manziel, Brady Quinn, Trent Richardson. Meanwhile, can you name any exciting picks that New England has made recently? None really. So if boring picks can make you a better team, then so be it.
This is the most relevant post in this thread.
I swear that fountain was red and blue.
apparently the texans really wanted him as Arians future is in dispute
What. The. Fuck.
This is going to be a huge test for Winston. Going from the elite of College football to the worst team.
Correct. Draft probably finished 15 mins ago. If you head to twitter/other spoiler threads on reddit you'll probably be able to see all the picks. 
Please Raiders please...
Jim Adler?
Pirate's machete. 
"I REALLY like this pick"

Riiiight
Great player. Dumb pick. 
If eagles go WR now better be Aghalor. No Perriman or DGB please.
Wish I could take credit for it, but I found it buried in /r/breakingbad. 
As a Longhorns fan I am so conflicted
Gruden mentioned Dickerson and Bettis as transcendent Rams RBs. What about Jackson?? 
I'm a pussy
THE NEXT 10 PICKS BETTER BE PLACEKICKERS AND PUNTERS 
Yep. Doesn't matter what DBs we have if the QB has all day to throw again, and the best corners were already gone.
Going on record to say I agree with you. Fuck the downvotes.
Draft moving quickly. Wonder how the home town crowd will respond.
Maybe bosscast? 
This pick is nice. We weren't gunna take a nice we so we need to bolster our line. Good pick .
if mel kiper says cooper go willams
Fucking great pick for Arizona.
I agree that we do did far more than most other teams, I'm just pissed that we are essentially throwing away the rest of Strief's career when he still playing well.
Nothing, I don't think. I think they wanted the Sheriff and knew the Giants would take him if he was still there at 9. They didn't get any descent offers from the teams 6-8 so they went ahead and took him. Oline picks aren't sexy...but look at the Cowboys line now...
Williams drops to the TEXANS...WATT, WILLIAMS, CLOWNEY, WILFORK, CRICK....BAH GAWD
The only choice really
Where is Alex Flanagan?!
Hundley
I feel soooo sorry for Duron Carter. Well, not really, but slightly.

He chose the Colts over us because Luck. The Colts chose a bunch of other WRs over him. It's going to be nigh impossible for him to make that roster now.
Beasley in 3...2...1...
That man was right!
Cmon saints, dont fuck this up.
lol, is Sheldon Richardson's Twitter handle really "@Godforshort"?
I'll take Dante. Seems exactly like a Gus-guy.
That is dumb as hell
exactly what i said when you guys got Williams
girl to the left is hot af
idk, we confused as you
Well this was in honor of our red offseason
What the shit
Munnerlyn is garbage. 

Oh, okay, you people want an explanation. After week 17 he admitted to *ignoring Zimmer's coaching for the entire year* because he felt he was good enough playing his own style. For 4 months he watched his fellow Viking CB's improve significantly.

Robinson went from absolute liability to decent #2.

Rhodes went from penalty-prone rookie to shut-down corner. 

Munnerlyn went from high-profile FA to overpaid liability.

As far as I'm concerned he should have been released already. If Zimmer really was "no-nonsense" like everyone says he is, he would have gotten rid of him. Terrance Newman, at 37 years old, was brought in to compete for his job, and he'll probably take it.


Apparently you are a detective, because it was fake haha.
My thoughts thoughts exactly
I love how everyone boos the commissioner. 
Iirc the team writes the position on the card he reads
Thanks for fixing it. Also, great pick 
Still can't believe Bud Dupree was available at 22. Definitely not complaining. 
I'm not complaining 
Love Manziel's representation! 
Damn it. One of my favorite prospects going to a hated rival.
What, like to represent a different player?
source pls
I just yelled in excitement super loud. I know Raiders were excited about Leo, but Cooper makes a fuck lot of more sense. The defense is fine, the O-line is fine, you guys needed playmakers, and Cooper was the biggest one in this draft.

I fucking love this pick for the Raiders.
I QUIT
ESPN is better for first round and then switch to NFL Network.
Wake forest is in the dream land where you get Tim Duncan's at
Gurley trying to hit us with the feels on that interview.
Hard to pass on him. Pittsburgh got a _steal_.
Starting QB in the NFL. I don't see your point. I haven't seen much that Gruden offers beyond his "QB school". Is Andrew Luck relevant for anything? Is Teddy Bridgewater relevant for anything? Is Matt Ryan relevant for anything?
At least we have NHL/NBA playoffs. The time between when those end and NFL starts is *really* bad. 
No shit.
Well technically you can't touch WR's now a days so position is gonna be big. Let's hope the speed can help him with thatm
Are you fucking serious? Ugh.
Who? I mean, I'll take it, we need a WR.
It's called an adjective, I guess that New York education doesn't teach you grammar
Go Dawgs?
"2015th NFL draft"
Because he plays God when he shouldn't. And punishes players for listening to the Player's Union and not attending a non-mandatory meeting.
I love this pick for the Steelers
Just for the record, he can still be traded, like Kip said, its just unlikely.

It makes more sense to take him and then trade him after discussing instead of rushing it in in the allotted 10 minutes.
WHAT?!?!?!?! NO LEONARD WILLIAMS?!?!?!
Look at his measurables production and film versus Henry Anderson from Stanford.. Anderson is better or as good in every way.
No every team wants to win a super bowl.
God damn.
After blowing another first round pick I began drinking heavily. Dont blame me.
yeah a gold jersey with black accents would look sick 
YOU MUST GIVE IT TO US!
I like it,simple but good looking
Ha a replay of every other year?
[Classic](http://i.imgur.com/BWjT0bW.png) 
Kind of how I feel. I don't think there was anyone after 10 that was must draft material at our pick. 
Didn't the kid tweet it himself before it was on TV?

I don't think that's bad at all
Next to QB, it was literally our deepest position. I have no idea what they are smoking.
Peters, trade down. The trade down was there...
Teddy went last year guys 
Calvin Johnson went #2
This makes me so happy. Thanks Chargerbros!
and Carr just got demoted on depth chart?
Far from it. I was making a joke about Patterson's "nickname" that carries an entirely different meaning on the internet.
WOAH
 I should not have checked Twitter....I'm sad now.
Not happy. Hopefully I'll be proven wrong. Best CB in a weak CB class doesn't mean it's a good pick.
[Yes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jg-BzfmF_iY)
"Seeing over 15,000 people (booing me incessantly)..."

Roger Goodell
With the second pick, the Tennessee Titans select, Brett Hundley, QB, UCLA.
lol was that a real chant or played over the sound system
We'll find out later I'm sure. I'll be shocked if two firsts and a third weren't offered at least, and that should've been enough for your front office.
Even with White, Cutler's favorite receivers will still be in the Packers' secondary.
Damn. Hoped he would slip.

Good thing there's more at pass rush.

Please help us brady
Coops
Rams take Shelton? They love d-lineman. He could team up with Donald. If they Jets can have 3 stud D tackles, why can't the rams have 2?
He goes to one of two states where Marijuana is legal? And he just got caught for possession? All kidding aside, great pick. 
yeah was just talkin D line lol
It sucks because I have to guess the pick absolutely right, because I ate Thai food and played Zelda all day instead of making these ahead of time. So in the 10 minute span, I need to properly guess the next pick and if it's wrong then it's super awkward. And if I draw it after the pick is in, then it will get buried and the new pick will be in by the time I'm done.
believe its the first time they've earned it.
Well, hopefully Baalke makes some better moves.
yeah man but it's still oakland 
He's all about those Canadian codeine tablets, if you haven't heard. 
HOMEGIRL BEHIND MARIOTA 

WHEEW


Hurry up I wanna see the Bears pick. I got a raid in 20! 
Possibly because he seemed to just drop off the face of the earth in like one year.
wait, here it is http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34h7pp/pats_trade_out_of_32_to_houston/
But Niners fans here said this was impossible
I know we aren't supposed to post links, but the stream on first row sports seems to be spot on. Terrible quality like usual, but it's something. 
SKOLOLOLOL
HOW IS WILLIAMS STILL FALLING? go fuckin get him 49ers. 
Bud Dupree or Parker for the saints? 
If it was 2014, when this was made.
Rams love dodgy knees.
Haha, I've stared at this for a minute and I'm still not quite sure what you meant to say.

Regardless, I agree!
Thank god I really wonder why the titans didnt take this. Fletcher cox is a upcoming stud and boykin and kendricks are solid in their respective roles 
It's crazy because I don't remember being this pumped for a draft.
I would have put the ! after 'rip it off' but the idea of someone furiously yelling each and every word at their computer screen makes me smile

WAYNES WORLD. PARTY TIME. EXCELLENT.
Inside, showed him put the bucs hat on and everything.
Isn't she the one we're all supposed to hate for being an asshole?
***Chargers are taking RB Melvin Gordon***
what are the chances that TEN still trades Mariota before the night is over?
at first i was like "there are TONS of talented receivers in this draft" then 6 of them went in the first round....

reggie you so smart
Are you watching the draft? No idea. When his name was called he looked like he was told his dog got hit by a car
That's brutal. 
sean never lived up to his first round billing
I meant Waynes... -_- Lol. I think they were talking about Tre Mason when I typed that...
are yOU KIDDING ME
DAKINGINDANORF
Gurley to the rams
As Paul Blart Mall Cop?

Nothing should be as common,

As that abortion. 
Cecil shorts? Chris Polk? 
Rick is a *firm* believer in one good turn deserves another.
Rams trade up for Williams, in order to help their weak defensive line. They only have 6 or 7 players at above starter quality
Well fuck all that
The finger wag has been a part of the Houston sports landscape since at least 2004 when famous finger wagger Dikembe Mutombo signed with the Houston Rockets. The finger wagging tradition was continued when the great JJ Watt incorporated it as part of his often seen sack celebration. Kevin Johnson looks to continue the finger wagging tradition, but between Watt and Johnson, will there be too much finger wagging for one team? Will the constant finger wagging create a distortion in Earth's rotation? Only time will tell...
Who needs an O-Line right? Jesus fuck what a reach. He's a great player but damn...
Looks like Beats sponsored both these guys for this draft
DELIVER!!!!
For real, wtf
First thing I thought of after this pick. I'm thinking we take Randy Gregory at pick 33 to help with that though
Malcolm Brown is being mocked to the Lions mostly. Be funny if you guys ganked him.
WHY AM I SO HAPPY ABOUT THIS?
GOT 'EM
WHY> DUPREE PLEASE
I guess Williams is falling to the Rams. RIP QB's. 
When he wasn't the best player
How the fuck does Goodell fuck his name up?
He sounds like he is being interviewed.
Messed up stuff though. He used to have "cat-team" instead of tag team. He would get cats of the same litter and if the first cat refused to fight he would kill it and then put its sibling in the ring.
I hope we fucking trade him, because it's fucking stupid to have this much invested on the defensive line. Just ask the Rams how far they got last year
ESPN needs to stop putting Mort on TV. He's horrible when he has to talk into a camera
>Marioto marioto give me the formulono

FTFY
Yeah he'd fit right in in ybor. All he has to do now is poorly transition to a woman
Biggest mistake of the draft far and away. 
Fuck, really wanted this guy too.
A Cowboys/Yankee fans? Man I've seen it all.
*Jaw drops*
Another Browns pick who I don't think even sees out his rookie contract. 
That's not how you pronounce Malcom Brown. 
We don't have the ends or LBs for a 4-3. Not to mention we would have like 4 tackles and only one DE
Can we cut him or something?

*sigh*
Well, I'm sold. Fuck those clowns. Have my upvote.
I was expecting this pick, I was just hoping we would trade down to get him.
Oh wow that was unexpected
Kendricks is obviously not rated highly on teams boards as we thought. He fell past many teams with needs at ILB. But the thing that really says a lot is that New Orleans passed him up took another ILB, Stephone Anthony ahead of Kendricks.
Yeah, but what if Bud Adams' family threatened to fire them if they did not take the pick? What then? You take the pick.
They play different positions. Jarvis is a ROLB, Bud is a LOLB.
better hope that Ray or Harold falls
Your prayers were answered.

Well, he may be crazy, but he ain't stupid.
At least Dante has his suit game in high gear.
He meant Eddie George was the last big time rb that Jeff Fisher had, not the rams.
Always loved Gurley, hoping he does big things in the NFL
So, like, 4 of the last 5 years?
So what the hell were they gonna do if it poured rain?
Welp I dont own Madden so, you're dumb. Second, you don't do it for a living either, so you're opinion is just as stupid/not stupid as mine. Third, I understand need. The Redskins are not one year or one player away. Because of this, BPA matters much more than need. Redskins have two years minumum before they're competing again. So its idiotic to think that we MUST address needs with the top pick. You pick the best player, who offers the best value, because they have plenty of time to fill holes. I'm tired of dumbass Redskins fans like you talking about filling holes as if plugging one or two will make them competitive. This is a rebuild and when rebuilding, you eschew need for value. Now please put your nose down and use your brain.

Edit: I wanted Leonard Williams so please stop saying I'm interested in flash. You want so bad to peg me as one of the fans who doesn't care about the trenches, but nothing I've said has inferred such. Nothing sexy about a 3-4 DE.
"Suspect tackler though"

[awkward silence]

Nice one, Gruden.
I think he almost shit his pants.
I was surprised by that as well.
BURN THE BRADY
That's true all over the league not just Denver/Seattle
Benny Cunningham
This is sad cause he didn't start his football until his Jr year.
Sexier than OLine I guess but I dunno
I think there was real, very legitimate interest on our side - Titans just didn't take the deal. I think the Titans are the reason why Mariota isn't in Philly right now, not because we didn't pony up enough.

At any rate my reaction was "Whew".
They're just drunk.
I'm thinking they move Randall to corner
uhh Kevin Johnson? same ht/wt 
Ah okay, not upset then 
Uh...Bennett?
Picking up this shift was a bad idea. I thought the draft was moved to May goddamnit
> We're cleaning house after this year 

Again? Didn't you just clean house 2 years ago?
Goodells head is almost as fat as Scherffs
That being said, 16 of Kiper's top 17 are off the board, just in different locations. 
"FUCK HIM RIGHT IN THE PUSSY"
Don't blame you lol, Shaq is probably the most exciting player in the draft but you need a DC that will take advantage of his versatility. The Dolphins can't do that but hopefully the Panthers can. 
Taking cues from the commish
Isn't that kinda what we did anyways?

Oh, and give Foster the ball
He may not have won any games, but he was a fucking warrior. Our OL was pretty horrendous and did well with what he had. 
sometimes.
Russell was a beast in college, Brady wasnt event the starter iirc
cause u gotta pay for nfl network to get full access
Steven Jackson was pretty good, too.
Jets don't need him but my god that front seven is going to kill people
If by top 5 you mean bottom 5, I agree. We just got the best RB prospect in the last 3+ years
sorry bush is on our team.
Receivers are people too.
I've been saying Aug-bwey-he.
God damn it..... 
Now Harrison is depth. You draft the best player available, and Williams was without a doubt the bpa. 
Silly Titans got greedy.
What in the fuck?
"Best pick since Mcnair a "few" years ago."

- Gruden 2015
Sorry Berm, but I don't give two shits about the history of this theater
Did SD really need to move up 2 spots? I doubt the Texans or us would have taken Gordon 
THAT JET D-LINE DOE
Lol no it isn't. A guy who gets kicked off his old team I'd take Collins over him. 
Fuck, the Browns are so BOOOOORRRRRIIIIINNNNNGGG this year....
I was thinking booker T
But no one knows who we're going to draft!
..........
Damn, what year was that? 
I'm ready to hear Goodell get booed.
Scherff might be the best player in the draft. Watch his highlights. He's anything but one dimensional. 
Not Dupree?
lol I don't know
My watch ESPN stream is on a 20 second delay, the struggle to avoid spoilers is real.
Right?
"Seattle is tough. Arizona is tough. San Francisco is.... changing. St. Louis is tough."

haha
Grigson just crossed the line between crazy and stupid. With the speed of an Indy car. Still hasn't stopped. Hope it crashes inside of turn 1 and goes up in flames. 
BOOO GOODELL. also he sucks cock at giving speechs he should have practicted before
"I'm going to Tampa Bay!"
It's not new york
Upvoted. You're welcome.
LaKainian Tomlinson "People Mover"
He wasn't undrafted 
Lol a 2nd year QB making trade demands ? Sit the fuck down.
Chargers overpaid. I guess they're gambling on this year to convince Rivers.
Stupid!
Even if the case ends in 100% innocence, just drafting him would bring up the Aaron Hernandez frenzy again.. Not worth it
No surprise at all. Besides, we love our relationship with the Texans! Maybe they'll pick up Petty and let him stay in the state. 
Jesus, say what you will about Baalke, he can work some magic.
Love the pick, now we can get a d-tackle or running back in the 2nd, and whatever we didn't get in the 2nd, get the other in the 3rd.
The New Day sucks

Fact!
Mariota trade still a possibility? please? 
he got ogbuehi right too
You guys need to chill. 
haha
they can trade up until he signs a contract 
Just what the Falcons needed.
Yeah, us taking the player that nearly every mock had us taking for months is a big surprise. /s
Lol the about face by Eagles fans is hilarious. Ya'll wanted him so bad just an hour ago.
Shit man, by the end of the PICK.
LMAOOO WHAT WAS THAT 
OH MY GOD, WE HAVE A PASS RUSHER NOW!!! HELL YEAH!!!
Tonight, we're all undefeated again.
Alright flaming thumbtacks do something
For the consensus second best/debatably best option at QB in the draft Marcus sure looks nervous
Literally no relevance to this conversation.....
Don't worry, he probably will.
Literally forgot he was still around, such a great pick, this is amazing
The best offensive lineman in the draft??
Why is your comment in haiku form?

EDIT: All your NFL comments are in haiku form. That's...incredibly impressive - hats off to you, sir or madam.
nah, didn't mean it, but this guy did deserve it
Not if SD is trading ahead of them haha.
Marcus Marioto
WHERE IS CAM ON THAT GRAPHIC
Kinda feel bad for the players that go to jax and tenn...and Cleveland.
Anyone have the 2015 big board from the day after the 2014 draft?
Byron & Byron LLC. Please Chip.
I am so fucking nervous.
Who is that?
There were 11 picks before us. If you want to blame anyone other than Goodell, blame Tennessee.
Bury me at Roberts wounded knee...
The Rams ruin everything.
Finally a trade
The draft isn't over. 
WE HAVE TOO MANY WRS WTF
Hey, that's not Mariota!
Oh my god, please be Leo. Please be fucking Leo. Keep this thing exciting.
Eugene Wilson was good


You couldn't pick a slogan that was grammatically correct?
You can't just post few quotes from a subreddit that has almost 20,000 members to summarize their feelings.

There were numerous posts in the Titans subreddit that talked about how disappointed or disliked the pick. Should I post them too?
I normally don't doubt McCloughan but I don't know what he and the skins were thinking. 

I like Scherff but damn. Williams was a perfect fit.
Tampa Bay with some ugly ass cheerleaders 
So far so good
Goodell mispronounced both "Mariota" and "Oregon"
Number 88 in blue's just loosening his arm.
OVECHKIN!
ESPN or nfl network? Which one should I be watching
The biggest highlight of this young man's life and you bring up his dead brother, that's disgusting.
> apidimi

epitome, fyi
Yes. There are normally trades by now, I remember I think 2 or 3 years ago there were like 10 trades in the first round it was insane. I can't remember a draft that's gone this far without a trade 
but we get to play them every year twice!
He weighed in at 246 for the combine. And put up the most bench reps among DL and LB.
His 40 time blows Torrey's out of the water, but Torrey was deceptively quick. He didn't have explosion off the line of scrimmage, but he had an extra gear that receivers rarely have. He would be running with the corner about even, and then he would hit the turbo button and create separation 2-3 seconds into the route. It's why he was so great on fly routes but never seemed to translate that speed into the underneath stuff.
Fucking............
and a lot didn't 
I wouldn't trust a highlight reel to show you negative sides of a player.
Of course he did...
The Bay Area needs a replacement since the Raiders are moving out next year...
Fuck it I'm excited but I'm still explaining
If we don't take Byron Jones I'll rip that one guy's dick off.
DAMMITT GOODELL, YOU ONLY HAD ONE JOB
Ha
yea im itt waiting for some posts
I see you Scherff. I see you. 
Please, please, please...
Jameis Winston or Jadeveon Clowney
Yeah, it's kind of boring this year :/
The "what ifs" will be around forever. 
Hmmm... Jones, Agholor, or some O-lineman... DO GOOD CHIP
Its a non story so far. They have cameras at the big names draft party.
I rost haiku beto. *
Right now trade down, you need offense and there is no one there for you at 10 IMO
I want Grayson
Th NFC EAST rejoices as Leonard Williams evades them
The bet is just

for the NFL subreddit. 

I do have it saved. :)
OMG CAPS! OVECHKING ASSISTTTTTT
Well fuck you then 
The problem here is that you're thinking of the Bengals, I believe.
It's a life style man.
Kinda wish we had gotten Byron Jones but oh well
That gif is golden, lol
IS GRUDEN STONED ON COKE
The all black looks great. It's clearly a merchandising move which takes some of the fun out of it but still. at least they didn't give us our horrible 90's uniforms for an alt.
They need a guy who can break by a CB and break their coverage, Crabtree, no offense, isn't going to give you that. That's why I like this pick, kinda. I'm not ready to say anything about Cooper transitioning to the NFL game yet
I bet the Jets didn't expect to get Williams at 6 going into the draft
Or like being a Cowboys fan in Texas. 
The Jets fan is the *real* pick.

Hope this guy works out for us.
Shut up. Take your Graham and go!
> Rob looks stoned ~~in that gif~~ at all times


Did we just draft Micah Hyde? Kiper just described Micah Hyde.

Edit: Downvotes? Really? Kiper: "safety, may convert to corner. Good tackler, good on special teams." THAT'S HYDE. Literally, that describes Hyde.
he's gonna need some recievers for his 8 QBs to throw too.
Also, that Perriman thing was adorable. Michael Irving was looking like a proud uncle
Stay away from Beasley Atlanta!
But it's also insane value for their pick. They're not going to keep him, Richardson and Wilkerson. One of them will be trade for someone to help them on offense.
Hey, uhhh, Texans fans...don't want him? We'll take him.
"though no fault of his own"

Disclosure: I'm a huskers fan. But I think this implies that he has off the field problems regarding who he hangs out with. I do think he has some anxiety problems. But to go as far as to say he has "severe anxiety and depression" is a bit of a stretch. also, I wouldn't want my team to draft him
I couldn't stand how inconsistent Holman looked, would have been a lot worse without this receiving core we had
Noooooooooooooo
This your reminder that the Jags took Blaine Gabbert 10th overall in 2011.

LOOOOOOOOL
Ok, who told you they didn't? Two can play that bullshit game. Why would there be all of these rumors for no reason? There is zero point in putting it out there just for shits and giggles.
When was the last time the best player in the draft got as low as #5?


Yeldon still in play.
[When i saw that list](http://gfycat.com/IllegalMilkyBurro)
Ehhhh... not really.
I don't know how to feel.
We drafted a giant Samoan dude and then a giant offensive lineman for a total of 650 pounds

Looks pretty good
-- That dude that shows up in Pickup games with all the gear but still sucks
I want to see this.
Wait that will actually be released?
Something's finally fucking happening!
Move ogbuehi over then and draft someone else. Whit just came off his best season 
That family moment was cute as hell 
QUIT SHOWING US PROSPECTIVE PICKS PHONE STATUS IS A SPOILER YOU PLAGUE-RIDDEN RATS

okay I may be playing too much Bloodborne
So how'd you miss one of the most standard reddit jokes then?
OH MY!
Holy shit that is an actual score....
FUCK

Nice pick though. Love the guy if he can stay off the weed.
Why? That just means one more monster rotating in with fresh legs in the fourth quarter. It's not like it is a bad thing.
Proven production, Dupree has pretty high potential to just be a workout warrior. Never really showed much in college.
Well that's why we have Woodhead. And everything I've read about him is that he isn't slow, so maybe you're overreacting a bit?
Whit is so old though he is going to turn 34 in the middle of the season. 3 more years max.
I'd say guys like Mike Evans, VJax, and McCoy already fit the bill
Parker to the Dolphins. I'll bet 1 dollar.
We take Gordon 
God, this. I really don't wanna trade Mo because can you imagine a front seven with Mo, Sheldon, Harrison, Williams, Coples, Davis and Harris? Scary.
I was so Fucking scared
They did bring in a long snapper this week I think.
Hope he ends up great.
FUCKING AIR ATTACK PLUS BELL 
thats nelson "future OROY" agholor 
If eatdatpussy's okay with it, I guess it's aight.
OH GOD HELP ME IDK WHATS HAPPENING.
when a man as large as Dante wears a suit like that you say it looks great even if you don't like it
You know it's bad when I'm thinking of switching to ESPN. How many times are they gonna show Goodell get lifted up?
I know, the Cowboys are totally the only team to take an OL in the first round.
They live in a shoe.
Good trade for the 49ers. 
God dammit the Steelers are about to make the best pick in the draft
Someone please trade already
Yeah, a lot of these highlights are just blown plays by the other team.
I had no idea Parker would fall to us. I would have preferred a trade back to pick up a 3rd, but I'm definitely cool with this as well
The best part about it is that it was with the Giants.
Damn you're right, I forgot about him
Yeah, but we can put him beside Easley. Run a 4-3 with our great linebackers.
JJ Watt: "A pretty big guy"
Roughly 95% less boos. 
Smart pick. Poor Leonard. 
Does Ray even have chickens though?
That sounds kind of tough

But I think you'll be alright

It's only two weeks
o rly
Fucking rights you love that pick. 
I too would like to know who that sexy girl in the red flower shirt is. 
I mean.. Schefty says the same shit.
Do you live in vancouver?
R?
We need them more
Not as upset as Mariota looked.
Never herd of this guy. He's a bad ass.
3 MINUTES UNTIL WE KNOW!
Coach Shaw just there for a free ticket?
No, they've got Todd "we blitz all night" Bowles. 
Nah, we got Blind Side and that dude that got bullied. We're set on the edges.
Couldn't go wrong with either.
I'd like to kiss Suzy Kolber. 
Called the Cooper picks while walking to the bathroom, both of my roommates called bullshit.

I'm feeling mighty vindicated right now. 
I've seen his interviews and I've been a big fan of him. Hope he turns out to be a pro bowler. 
He's a Chargers homer. I like him!
Welp...at least I can keep hating a Clemson player.
As a Gamecock.. I can't help but love this trashing of Beasley
Solid pick, should help Tannehill
We are the knights of Ni!
You shut your whore mouth!
Who's that at this point? According to the big board I'm looking at it's Gregory, but with his off the field issues I don't see them going for him.
I do not like that pick... He is durable and they love to run though, so I get the logic
I'm not sure how much you can read into what Goodell announced them as, but fair enough. I think Shaq's biggest hurdle is finding a coach and a scheme that works for him. Athletically, he's impressive. If Carolina plays him in space and away from the LOS, I think they'll be very, very satisfied with that pick.
Maybe if we had gotten Teddy we would've won more than 7 games....oh wait. 
Even so, they passed on Williams for him. You don't get a pass for that 
Which also happened to be one of the best combine performances of all time, and a 3 sigma athlete.
We can slide strief to guard though right? 
Texans should go WR, our guy will probably still be on the board at the time of our pick. The trade was great.
because BOOOOOOOOO
anyone but Parker Dolphins. 

I'm not even that high on the guy but I never thought he'd fall to us. let it happen.
wait is that sarcasm? lol shaq Thompson was like a 2nd/3rd rounder...
I think this is a great pick.
The shock factor of some of these picks is almost making up for the lack of trades. 

Almost....
No way they dont need more D Linemen... He's coming to Chicago
Holy shit was this guy this good?? I thought he was in the top15 range
Farewell Staced God
49ers must have been holding Gordon hostage?
Holy shit really? 
[I couldn't find a good picture of Waynes without a helmet on =/](http://i.imgur.com/gwVoihg.png)
ITS WILSON
im too drunk man come on who'd they really get?
Tenn could still trade him
Haloti Ngata? I don't like that comparison one bit. 
No way, The lightning are top 9 in attendance every year, our bucs cant even fill the stadium 
The hate is strong in this one.

Patiently wait until a Raiders fan shows some vulnerability. Then shit on his heart. Just as you were trained to do...
I assumed it was Chi fans booing cuz they wanted Williams.
Oh.
no idea who this is
T?
Fowler enjoyed the spotlight, lol. Good for him.
No surprises so far. ZZZZZZZZZZZZ.........
wait where's mcshay? 
Hence the 2.0 instead of 1.1
His 40 time isn't as good as it used to be. He's old give him some slack.
Ask and you shall receive
Kiper: "He could be Jerry Rice." 
ITS HAPPENING
Oh fuck I'm drunk, sorry. I thought we were talking about Mason. Which makes no sense. 
Actually this is the best idea 
Come to buffalo 
Yeah but how many people went to his birthday?
what
Senderick Marks is an elite dt though. The jags have too many interior guys and not enough outside guys. Well, now they've solved that problem somewhat at least.
Neither apparently
Crazy this will get more views than most baseball games.
What joy
He's from Nigeria. I like to see SAS argue about that. 
Probably not
Gruden always looks like he's about to crack up every time Mel talks.
Poor mans Clowney? Doesn't look as strong to me. 
What the hell? Tre Mason's not good enough?
God damnit.
Dude is a millionaire and can't even drink yet. 
I can't believe they got him, what a great pick
Thanks for all the help this year.

With love, 

Georgia Tech.
day 1 starter? Isn't he inconsistent? 
There was this guy named Randy Gregory
Rich Getting Richer
Wow. Davis called it again. Thomas Davis 2.0
I'm a little disappointed they didn't take a QB for the hell of it
He practically screams bust, that means he'll probably be good.
Poor Bettman. He gets booed at the draft and during the Cup presentation.
Tomorrowland looks kinda cool. 
You're*. I certainly do, having spent 2 years of my life in Tampa right when I turned drinking age. 
Great interview with Suzy Kolber too. Second only to Melvin Gordon's charisma, IMO
I like his hair.
worst stolen nene
Love how the non spoiler thread is getting spoiled like fuckin crazy now
Why are you saying it? Cause I'm saying it maybe for a different reason... 
"I'll never see my brother drafted by the Cleveland Browns, because I'm dead."
So was ODB 
Woah Tomlinson!

Lions interior O-line is legit.
Fans are usually weird when discussing OL prospects. Flowers was the Giants number 1 ranked OL and I trust Jerry Reese's track record in the first round (later rounds not so much).
DOESN'T COUNT WE CAN DRAFT HIM.
ESPN is way better the NFL network coverage is ass
well fuck They!
Okay. My point was that there still is a problem with picks leaking.
Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo. Oh well. Sam Bradford jerseys are now available. 
Sheldon Richardson
SO SHOCKED!
Ball sack
Good luck with him!


 Louis riddick is killing it tonight!
He'd probably have a better career playing football there than playing hockey in Edmonton.
PARKER!!!
Awwww dammit. Congrats Saints fans. This guy is legit. Field general of the Clemson Defense and a sound form tackler. When he makes contact, he rarely loses the battle.

Begrudging happiness for Stephone.
FUCK :)
Browns should give up a 3rd, and take a good QB prospect.
That man is a gentleman and a scholar. Kudos for him to being true to his word.
what the actual fuck who takes a wr with our defense?!?!?!?!
Ehhh Jackson's getting older. Evans will be elite, but TB definitely needs a decent 3rd string.
[Matt Barkley is stoked about Nelson Agholor... shame he'll probably never get to play with him.](https://twitter.com/MattBarkley/status/593963462369345536)
In TT Me Trust
I think they have the names printed already and they just attach them to the jersey.
I knew what was coming but still watched, Wtf is wrong with me 
Any ideas on who the jags will pick?
Vontae Mack?
That was last season... Mariota is gonna kick it up a notch now
That is one fresh reference.
5th
Our team was picking between him and Agholor. We were hoping whoever we'd pick would leave the other for the second pick somehow. Apprently Chip measured Byron's knees and stuff too. Also top 5 sparq athlete rating. 
Ooooh, I actually really like that pick for Detroit. Pair Tomlinson with Warford... That's the best power-scheme guard duo I can think of.
Wake Forest CB? Hopefully he isn't the next Alphonso Smith.
DO IT! DO IT!
Don't forget the third Collins-Jalen
San Diego has approximately 100 micro breweries. Not to mention Stone, Green Flash and Ballast Pt which are pretty popular across the nation
Nice bold spam
YOU SON OF A.....
Allllllllllllllllllllllllllrighty then
nice work ROGGER. Seriously--you can't pronounce the name right? how many months has this moment been approaching? unreal. 
I thinks Toms going to want to be fully rested before the Jets game, So he should at least sit out of the season opener.
CHI fans are in a state of shock.
"Finally got that rb we needed."
"You're a few years late for that boss"
I meant for us. CB isn't a need.
With the 30th pick - with the - with the 30th pick...
We have other needs. I like him as a WR to help Tannehill out, but I would have preferred Melvin Gordon at RB or TJ Clemmings at OT. 

We got Stills, Cameron, and Jennings in the offseason as viable Tannehill targets. We've already got Landry.
I love watching O-line highlights cause the player they're trying to show isn't actually in half of all the highlights.
Sorry Bucs fans. 
I don't understand having 4 different threads. Mods are making some questionable decisions.
Sweet, a 1st! Hey wait.
nah, regarded as late 1st, early 2nd.
Are you fucking kidding me. I stayed up for this shit ?
it'll be a worthwhile pick
"could" 
Welp!


Nah, just kidding, we've now got months of trade speculation in front of us. 
I know but I really like the skyline aspect of the hat
Ouch. 84-40 in the 3rd quarter is an actual NBA playoff game score?
You like that video where they are doing that and then one dude puts his balls in the girls butthole and his friend yells out "freak dat bitch Charles"?
Sometimes they question a pick that they think is a reach. But mostly sucking. 
Could be worse. Your team could have 8 WRs and a glaring depth at safety, plus a chance to take Landon Collins, and then you watch your team draft...another WR
Too bad there isn't one worth a first round pick this year.
It's not very nice to talk about what happened to poor Welker's mind like that.
Brett Favor managed to escape it.
NO FUN
So was Houston planning on taking Gordon then?

also, the title is wrong
Morally or athletically?
Boomer sucks so much at telling stories and anecdotes.
Is melvin gordon high?
I'm still a fan. Not gonna abandon the fandom just because Jordan retired fifteen years ago. 

Besides, gotta love D Rose and Noah.
Scherff is probably the only surprise so far.
I love the hashtag for New Orleans: #NOpick
if he was as smart as he thinks he is he would be working for a team making a lot more money.
Well Wisenhunt has come out and said Mariota is his Day 1 starter so it isn't really a competition at that point.
And if people had watched the Cardinals for the past two years, you'd still be in awe at what he did for the Arizona D, that kept losing players every few games.
They still took about 8 minutes. The eagles pick was in just as the last commercial break started.
They're like the plague
He's not getting past the Dolphins man.
I QUIT!
Tarps are people too 
Kiper got burned on that pick 
It's almost like they...planned it.
thought that was cordy at first lol.
I would hardly call a couple of 5ths a 'haul', even with Ramirez
Not to mention the fact that all D1 college programs have many hours of mandatory study table.
Agreed. I think Winston is better than Mariota, but I'm worried he'll be a major headache and out of the league quickly.
**FUCK YOU COMMERCIALS**
Undisturbed, as is tradition.
http://www.reddit.com/r/eagles/comments/34h2ig/eagles_are_selecting_wr_nelson_agholor/

http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34h2md/round_1_pick_20_nelson_agholor_wr_philadelphia/
Can I get a screenshot 
[Hmmm.](http://images.sportsworldnews.com/data/images/full/951/manny-ramirez.jpg)
Next team up. Has happened before.
Two RBs in the first so far. Maybe the death of the RB position isn't true ESPN? So tired of that hype train.
You have months to prepare and you don't even bother learning to pronounce his name... Come on Goodell
I wonder why.
When you have the same record as another team you swap spots each round.
I totally forgot about Shelton. Whoops, but damn I don't want to play this big boy. Good thing our o-line is pretty good.
Lions select Laken Tomlinson.
I hate you stabbity. My life is ruined. How's yours been? 
I'll stick to doing what I do every year. Trust that Ted Thompson probably knows what he's doing better than I do.

I like our other Randall. So that's good.
It's laytek. Don't make me bust out the jifs.
Devonte please
Because that would make too much sense
Thanks man
It's okay, we can still draft Marcus Luigiota!
LOL at what they just flashed on the screen:

"No QB has started all 16 games during the season for the Browns since 2001: QB Tim Couch."
Shelton is a great guy. Real good pick.
65% less money and 100% less locker-room distraction.
When did Cleveland begin drafting well? 
That bowtie is excellent.
At age 38.
Why pass on Andrew Luck and Cam Newton?
Vic Beasley to the Falcons.
I mean we already got one of the craziest off seasons ever. People wanting a crazy draft are just being greedy.
[Fox Sports reporting that Denver is trying to move up](https://twitter.com/joelklatt/status/593959442128973824)
Gurley to the rams would be my guess.
Okay, i would be happy with Flowers or Peat
Well, damn. Tomlinson just got a fan.
It makes me sad when people say it is a reference to something that is a reference to the real thing. 
Must not have Speedforce.
Whoa there. We're up to what...like...50 states by now? Can't expect one man to remember how to pronounce all those words.
Yeah.
for every JPP there are 10 Dion Jordans.
Dear Christ why...
He fucked it up. All those defensive guys were right there, and he takes a wide receiver. What the actual fuck.
We all truly believed there was 0% chance. I literally said to a pats fan at work this week "anything but a WR, hopefully collins falls to us."
I think the Bucs would get to go before them though.
BPA like always
20 minutes and one pick in
In the sense of "big guy to anchor the line" of course. He has a lot of talent and potential though and will be there a long time.
Ew
*Every kiss begins with Kay*
Jets in for the trade, you heard it here first.
#TRAE WAYNES
Very interested to see who our next pick is.
potential trades i guess. just taking calls, no need to rush it
I've seen glennon at the dubliner too many times to count. Always surrounded by beautiful women that he towers by 18". 
Interesting to note Mett said about a month ago he looked forward to the chance to compete with either Winston or Mariota, and that he thought he could beat them out. And it's his agent saying this because he sees his client as a starter. Mett could be fine with a QB competition, but his agent knows if he doesn't start, he doesn't earn them both money. Too early to say anything's gonna come from this.
ugghhhhh
Bryan Bennett Wtf?
> Tosh put them on blast and nailed them on everything. 

Did I miss something good?
Or at the very least, draw some flags.
ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO, ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO, ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO, ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO, ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO, ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO, ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO, ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO, ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO, ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO, ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO, ALEX FLANIGAN IS IN SAN DIEGO
My favorite player in the draft. Definite a big fan gl man
Everyone's mock draft boards just blew up. 
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE that guy has a qt gf!
RAY CAN SMOKE ALL DAT BUD IN COLORADO
Why? Don't they have Mason and Stacy and Cunningham?
how come other people are allowed to talk shit about your team, but when somebody else talks back they get a shit ton of downvotes and accusations of being "salty"?
People being drafted is boring? 
The giants haven't drafted an OL in the 1st 3 straight years
rhodes>waynes>robinson/munnerlyn? decent DB lineup

No, its supposed to replace Marshall, and lock up our WR position for years going forward, allowing us to focus on other positions in the future
He's going to get a ton of carries. Hopefully, he turns out better than Ryan Mathews.
Yay I like this pick!!
Not a bad pick overall but why the hell did they trade up 
I think the steelers take landon collins
We have much bigger needs than Running Back right now. Im not against the idea of still trading for Irvin.
Until he plays the packers
But...Leonard Williams?
Sweet! I'm happy... but now have no reason to watch anymore! See ya guys later!
Pick number 17, and only got 3.5 sacks in two years? Wut
http://deadspin.com/something-weird-is-going-on-with-randy-gregory-1701010088
"This is a kid that I want to be my son"


.......
And you know it'll be with the Vikings. It's pretty much tradition.
I've actually been on of the most critical people about Melvin, but none of what that guy said are the things he should be critical of. I've been critical about Wisconsin Running Backs in general, but talent wise Gordon might be the exception to past failures. 
Lol they'll take about our pick for 10 seconds just like last year
I mean, yeah that makes sense. 
True
Redskins just being Redskins
MOUNTAINEERS
That would be 19% of the 1st round and they're 18% of starters. So pretty much average
Well my little pick the draft thing is still perfect which is nice.
Goddell has other things to do, man
Oh Raiders
The fuck kinda question is that Suzy? The kid just got drafted and you remind him his brother's dead. Fuck off. 
The highlight reels on YouTube aren't exactly telling me he sucks at tackling.

Overall, I don't disagree at the pick even if our ILB position is pretty threadbare right now. Ted's always been good at finding the late-round nuggets.
it happened a couple times in the 20s, 30s, 40s, AND 50s!
Canadians rubbing off on Chicago
If the Eagles trade up and pick at two ill get a tattoo of chip on my face. 
Why ask him that?
THE SUPER BOWL
COME ON DEVONTE I LOVE FAMILY REUNIONS
Haha, touche.
We docked it
I'm loving the hair in this draft.
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!?!?!!?!?! 
The "PI Penalties" thing has nearly reached "ELITE" status in terms of snidey quips of dead horse beatings.
Every sperm is great!
MARIOTA WANTED USSSSS
If there's one thing I know about Stanford, is they make bum O Linemen
I personally think he looks a bit like Uncle Phil from Fresh Prince. 
You guys are finally starting to look good I like it it's tought hating a team when they are consistently bad
Never go Full Leaf
True NFL fan here
Same. For about 3 seconds I was outraged, then realised I'm a fan of neither team, know little about the guy, and kinda don't care. 
Oooops.
Yeah. Usually the guy with the strongest arm on the team. 
Winston. He's on a better team, is more pro-ready, and the Bucs are at home.
I'm cautiously optimistic. Claiborne hurt me so bad...
>With the #1 pick, Tampa Bay selects a 140 lbs white kid named Joshua Wigginsworth.


Gruden: Boy, this is really going to effect Manziel's stock.
You're the commissioner of football, how do you fuck his name up?
MR. FANCY SHOES!
He did go to West Virgina
Damn, Randy Gregory might fall to us
I think he was just trying to not cry
Mettenburg- eh, close enough.
Nobody really lost here.
One of many. Claiborne is a goner after this year. They're trying to get Carr to re-work his deal, and Scandrick isn't happy about his contract. 

We still need an edge rusher, safety and hopefully an RB tomorrow.
Ajayi, Johnson, Coleman, Abdullah... tons of guys available still
Throw in Brady and Gronk, and we'll think about it.
http://i.imgur.com/uj0QN7L.png
Devante Parker and Teddy reunion?
That's a pretty sick jags hat 
Don't say that shit. NO....NO......NOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Parker to Dolphins, Dupree to 49ers.
Could be RB here
WE GOT AN OLINE FAM
I was at draft town tonight. No fucking way there were 50K of us. That number is insanely inflated. I'd ballpark it at 15-20K tops. 
Leonard Williams is overrated. Cooper fits very well with Carr. It's a good fit
YEAH SPORTS WOO
who the fuck leaked them taking Bennett?!
To be fair pro scouts also thought Vince Young and Jamarcus Russell were top 5 talent. 

That being said, I like the pick, but we need to temper expectations. This is more of a Barr pick than a Harry pick. He will need to develop. 
Only every other comment here...
wow. No more lolbrowns.
Kinda interesting he went before Perriman - the kid known for great hands vs the kid known for no hands

Hands matter
This is shaping up pretty well for the saints options at 13.
Sorry to tell you mate, quick and fast are synonyms.
Falcons are taking VIC BEASLEY!!!!!
Get Collins in the 5th hah
williams richardon inside coples mo outside. Seems fine. 
AKA fuck Alge Crumpler 
Marshall was a huge clubhouse distraction 
The NFL Draft, where fucking her right in the pussy prevails. Jameis Winston commercial follows.
2 Spots for a 4th and a 5th. That seems over paid to me. 
No. Not at this stage.
SUCK IT PATRIOTS!
who gives a fuck about williams wanting to be a raider. we still got cooper hopefully it will develop carr better. j
Waddle is legit. Don't worry
Awesome. I'm tagging you as the inside guy. Keep us informed!
-Kayne West-
Worst hair of the draft
Please Cowboys. Take the Longhorn
NEVER JOKEABOUT ASS OBJECTS 
Not in the 1st, not when we have many other positions of need
Oh shit they took Marioto! You drafted the wrong guy!
Good call
come on man. this is supposed to be the non spoiler thread
Got downvoted but I was right. People on this subreddit apparently don't know what smokescreens are
This is going to kill me.
From Oh-reg-on.
And Travis Frederick. And kyle long.
*record scratch* DO THE HUMPTYHUMP
What kind of random measurement is 35 grams for possession of marijuana?
Its going to be Trae Waynes. Has to be, any other pick makes no sense
Now, we wait for 63 and Hroniss Grasu
Oh, anti-vaxxers?
STOP HAVING DESTINY ON YOUR MIND BRUH 
i legitimately haven't been wrong yet, this guarantees i will be wrong for the rest of the first round.
Yep. 
Recooperating from the hangover I will have because of what Ozzie is doing to me right now.
If it weren't for Deflategate, I could believe Grigson was a mole planted by the Patriots.
Bears still stuck
Williams fell right into Oakland's lap, they need to take the money and run.
well done
Why do teams draft positions that they're already stacked at? Like yea you get a good player but you still didn't address your issues?
Well, shit.
Patriots will probably trade down like they always do.
That pick wasn't wacky enough. I'm so bored I'm contemplating turning on the Bulls Bucks game
That is how it's done. I love it, now just get these guys a qb
Its armor for your toe bones.
[Okay, Jaguar fan](http://imgur.com/ER5IAYl)
It should be a bigger worry to Tre Mason then Zac Stacy
You're right actually. Cowboys lost to the Giants that year because Dez Bryant had a single finger out of bounds on a Hail Mary. Had the Giants lost they wouldn't have been in the playoffs. 
Boo this man...boo
Also got into a scuffle outside of Johnny O's (rest in peace, JO's) 
Prolly to bmore
Shelton is going to tear it up
I'm not mad about the line, but we didn't select BPA.... sure I could see him fitting in our system well, but certainly not BPA.
Oh you mean the guy that was getting beat by the guy drafted just before? Fuck
I don't know, I kinda like the idea of having more talent to choose from...
Don't forget Wake 
Interesting pick to say the least 
Can... can Stacy play guard?
I'm a canes fan. You'll be happy, guy always made big catches and is a burner. 
A bunch decided not to attend
CMON JETS YOU KNOW YOU WANT WILLIAMS
Waynes: "plays deep ball extremely well" Shit! "extremely poor tackler" Oh, thank God 
I loved your pick. Now please get that man some grass to run on, so your turf doesn't kill his knees. 
So this is in two places or what?
Make a trip through /r/spacedicks and see if she gets on your lap after.
And breathe. Definitely who I wanted. 
Andy Reid like off the field issues. And the Chiefs have very few existing character concerns in their locker room; if he can be turned around, KC is a good place to try. 
Dude is fertile.
NFL and Networks find way to keep people from changing the channel during seemingly endless ads.
Unless he's going the wrong way down it..
Really? Him? I was expecting Tre Mason to be pissed. Tre Mason is really fucking good.
Hey I mean the Titans took Mariotto so Mariota is still on the board.
Cowboys might have been trying to trade up?
Falcons D just got a little meaner. Not near mean enough yet though.
Hahaha, how many 49ers fans shit on Armstead in every mock thread?
DONT PUT IT PAST US
da fuck
Thought it was ooga-boogie
Ah okay thank you.
Holy fuck, Baalke working some MAGIC. A 4th and a 5th for moving back 2 slots? Hell yes!
Variations of the Fugee's 'Ready or Not' in movie trailers seems to be the new BWWAAAAAMMM which was the new 'In a World.."
Okay, shit is
#ON NOW.
Chip Kelly 's wild ride may go off the tracks...
http://i.imgur.com/XKcFowe.gif
Same reaction Paul Allen had on the phone with Greg Oden.
5 bucks it goes to commercial before the Lions pick
Hey fuck you, pal. 
Based on the other comments in here, this gif is very relevant.
Means he (rightly) didn't want to make the pick and tried (and failed) to make a trade.
Melvin, such a good guy. Congrats chargers.
I think he is pretty dank.
MAKE IT HAPPEN MAC DADDY THAT D LINE DEPTH WILL BE RETARDED
I don't know who this woman is, but damn.
Mel Kipers head bounces around like a muppet when he speaks
Now it gets fun.
Twitter is saying some teams have concerns about Leonard Williams' shoulder.
"Here's Rodger Goode-......"BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THE SHOCK OF THE MILLENIUM
The top 10 had 0 trades AND 0 shit picks. When was the last time that happened?
It'd be career suicide. You can't just pick one team you'd play for.
He knew o_O
Fuuuuck
And so ends month of speculations, congrats Jameis.
no worries, they have nobody to block for them
3:30 to go. Fuck, just get it over with.
I'm done being a jags fan. Every fucking year it's the same thing. 
I'm not clenching over that, I'm clenching over the fucking trade we're trying to offer Titans
PLEASE WAYNES! i don't even think he'll be a bad player...but i've had an easy time rooting against him so far
That's messed up man..
lol i didnt think he would be a 1st rounder
Being a Browns fan on /r/nfl is kinda like being a Texas fan in Oklahoma. 
Clinton-Dix isn't great manning up; that's Randall's specialty.

He'll be a much needed upgrade to covering TEs especially. Burnett, Clinton-Dix, Randall, and even Hyde will all see the field plenty.

I said earlier in this thread, but I think we'll see a lot of three safety sets from the Packers defense this year. 
Donald Brown won't make the final roster. I'm calling it now. The Chargers will go in carrying three RBs and cut their losses on Brown.
wait what? I'm so confused, did we trade back?
I wanna say bad, but I might eat my words in 2 years. The kid is only 20.
Dorsett or Laken.
damn i wanted him to play next to phillip rivers
Oh I'm not saying it was a good pick for them, just that them picking him was kind of bad for you guys (if he is really who you guys were targeting).
Every Time I think of Melvin Gordon I think of that time Wisconsin got beat something like 52-0 by Ohio State
Didn't expect that. 
Well, White is literally almost a decade younger than him for starters, and will be on a rookie contract
Holy shit that is amazing.
>Looks and acts like a lawyer haha

Umm what?


Chip bout to turn trade override on
Showtime
Indeed
Damn, well this is the first I've seen it so sorry SpecialDelivery
I personally don't see all the hype for white but I hope he works out for them. I want to see cutler succeed
There's a new Scherff in town
nice dead-horse bro.
NBA update: Spurs-Clippers tied 51-51 at the start of the 3rd. Looks like another great game. 
KEVIN WHITE ALL OF MY HOPE FOR A NEW GROUP OF DIVA RECEIVERS LIES ON YOUR SHOULDERS
What year is this? 1975? 
Exactly. I go to UGA right now and I am very happy with the pick. My hometown pride trumps all.
Meh... better than I thought it would look. Still kinda stupid, I think only the Raiders and Steelers can really wear black.
It could be a great move, or it could be a Rams move.

I wonder how it will work out...
That one cheerleader was pissed to be bumped.

God damn hurry the fuck up Goodell
I guess you should be the Panthers GM instead of Dave Gettleman, then, since he's clearly so bad...

Fuckin' armchair GM'a, man. 
Wow, what a shock. Armstead no? (Broke every draft board tho with that trade lol)
Well if he doesn't retire then a "project" player will have a year to learn under one of the greats and will no doubt be a solid replacement once he does retire. We're going to have to fill that hole eventually and this kind of prospect might be the perfect fit.
How smart is this when you just signed Byron bell at Tackle? 
You guys think chip Kelly is commenting here?
MARIOTA?!?
If Rex was picking 6th, he'd be shitting himself in excitement that Williams fell to him.
Please be Beasley!
At least this time there's some surety/consensus about this guy being a complete bust. We can get the disappointment out of the way early rather than convincing ourselves this guy might be good like most did with aj Jenkins and jimmies ward. 

Fucking york and baalke. 
This is so unreal. How could you let us have this guy?
Shame this draft wasn't in NY, would've been nice to see the crowd reaction to that pick.
I love it, our offense is going to be so much fun to watch and impossible to stop. Just like the run... for the other team.. FUCK IT KEEP THROWING
Ahh...yes good point, I forgot they really don't like people making videos like that anymore.
Enlighten us. 
Why is Bae the color Grien?
I know. Plus that was just a rumor. I'm pretty sure he was released cause he didn't block
C'mon Commish, you have one job tonight. All you gotta do is say the kids name right haha. 
and just like that, the Bromance Begins.
The Al Davis dream
You mean again?
Camera guy is texting while filming 
I think Williams will be a great player, but this was still a mistake. The Jets are a worse team for making this pick and not trading down.
*lolbro*.... Wait, that's a great fucking pick. They needed d-line help bad.
Did Davis just announce his own replacement?
FUCK YEAH NOT DJ HUMPHRIES OR COLLINS
So are you happy with taking Cooper?
So "decent" that he is still in the league 4 years later? Newman was great and underated on bad teams.
I think they got a steal as far as pure talent goes

But I think White would have been better *for the team*
TIL
I have to say, I'm a little disappointed.
Well ain't you lucky
if we somehow end up with Amari Cooper AND Randy Gregory i will lose my mind
Raiders got lucky af
Yeah I agree. The Bears and the Jets should swap picks. 
And that's history
Love you too, boo.
My Byron and Byron lawfirm is ruined stupid cowboys ruining everything
Wow haha 
If you were walking backstage to pull out your phone and use your bank app to remind yourself there are millions and millions of dollars there you would keep walking out there with a smile on your face too. 
MARIOTA IS A TITAN HOLY SHIT 
MAYBE 420
That's like 35 OL in the first 24 picks.
Well, then you are a happy camper! 
Only one left that might go in the first is DGB, and beyond being boom or bust, he doesn't fit the offense at all. Shit route running doesn't really fly in a WCO
A guy to pretty much render Beasley to fuck all against us.
the fuck is going on
Well didn't see that coming
Dupree and Peters don't excite me but I'd be fine with either of them here.
LOLOLOLOLOLOL there is no way the Jets pass on Williams.

Then again, it's the Jets...
I think it's a reach. He's an above average/good defensive end, yes, but Williams is elite. Still, with Luck in the division I see the need for a pass rusher.
How crazy would it be if the Vikings took Gordon...
Just wait. The Chiefs have yet to pick.
Because fuck Goodell. 
Fair enough. 

I'm curious, though. As a Chiefs fan, what receivers (if any) who are still on the board would you like to have?
Cedric "cha boi" Ogbuehi
i honestly hate everything about this pick but fucking saw it from a mile away unfortunately.

ugh.
Holy shit we didn't go Defense
Sucked for the Duck, ya know. Welcome to Nashville, Super Marioto. ;)
Or Steven Jackson...
Shit I always mix up him and bowles
Dang, thats a good trade for the 9ers. 
This was amazing...but Stacy was irrelevant in STL at this point anyways.
Mixed feelings. 
Berman really looks unwell. Has anyone died live on the draft before?
The only CB we have that's truely even starting caliber is Sean smith, and he only has one year left on his contract. Looking at the CB market and how high prices have gotten for the best CB in FA, chances are Sean Smith has a huge asking price, and the Chiefs won't want to pay it, especially after paying Justin Houston and Dontari Poe. If Peters is as good as expected, we can let Smith walk. 
This draft is so anti-climatic.
Smart picks for the Browns tonight, I like to think Goodell braced for a pancake attempt though
WE ARE ALL IN THE WAR ROOMS
Nice job butchering the name you fuckwit Goodell
melvin gordon's mom (sister?) has nice delts
Eisen sucks tonight
Beasley or Dupree for ATL? Doubt it would be Waynes or Parker. 
REACH ALERT
You will not regret this pick Oakland. Coop is a fuvking beast. COOOOOOOOP
Agholor is literally a carbon copy of Jeremy Maclin. All their measures are the same. Nelson is just faster and his ability to get open is better, so it's a pretty good replacement for Maclin.
we got a 4th and next years 5th for that.
How is that relevant or even accurate? 
Don't fuck up. Don't fuck up. Don't fuck up. Don't fuck up. Don't fuck up. Don't fuck up. Don't fuck up. Don't fuck up. Don't fuck up. 
Good luck, TB.
He doesn't even have a drivers license.. He uses UBER to get a ride
Or take a 5th WR instead of building a D line. Thanks again, Colts! I bet if the Colts took him, that rumored #32 trade to the Texans would have happened. 
it's be too easy, we'll go cooper 
Hopefully he's just renting a home in stl..
That's what I've been trying to explain to people but every says that without the 1st round it doesn't even matter
Me too bud
Both my guys went to my division rivals :(
Brock "Let me play peyton" Osweiler 
Everyone without one does
Its funny I was thinking Nelson Agholor sounds like a soccer players name and low and behold his pops played soccer.
HOW DARE YOU
HELL NO
Oh, you. 
Gahh that fucking horn.
Vikings are coming up, dont worry.
I'm not enthusiastic about our future. :(
Seems like a really smart dude with a bright future. Very likeable person. Good luck to him.
somebody else could have been looking to trade up
Ameer Abdullah maybe?? 
Just from the highlights god damn that guy is a beast. 
and the NFL wonders why picks are always leaked...
GOD FUCKING DAMNIT FUCK.

FIRST DEZ BRYANT NOW SHANE RAY
At 6'7" the plan i think is for him to be in the middle of that line swatting down passes from russell wilson. Dont like the pick but he better bulk the hell up and tighten that chinstrap.
> scary


Ctrl + F "Scary" *computer explodes*
Save RGIII now
poor guy
I just disagree. Plus, Jerry is taking a back seat these days. 
As long as you dont get Williams.
Can they trade him today or do they need to wait?
This dude's career is set for life, going to the Colts with Luck.
I like it, he was a beast when I watched him in college. We obviously need a pass rusher we were last of close to last, last season so I am excited.
A lot. Mostly tackles though
We have 3 4ths, 2 5ths, and 3 6ths. We can afford to drop him in there somewhere. 
*crab franchises.
Welcome to Philly!
via the holy fuck
Can you tell me why? I'm a bit of a noob
I can't picture him falling past us. 
Steelers are gonna be stuck between Dupree/Collins/Jones. I'm thinking you will be right though.
[he so pringles](http://oi40.tinypic.com/11vtkli.jpg)
He's fast, he's quick, and he's got pace"
GET HYPED BOYS
NO SPOILERS ASSHOLE!
 Oak takes Leonard Williams now! pls
I feel a trade by the Jets tonight involving either Leo or Somebody else on the Dline
What is up with the stream on NFL.com? Where's Mayock? Why are they not in the theater itself? Why are they only showing two guys talking in some studio and only show the draft announcements by Goodell?
I said it before, but when my disaster is getting Amari Cooper, I'm not too bummed. I'm surprised for sure, but I have faith AC/DC will make some magic happen this year.
But even that scenario isn't ideal because you'd have Whalen/Moncrief as our WR with most experience playing with Luck. 
Yeah, their bullpen really underperformed last season.
Didn't they say near the start of the show that The Rog has to walk back and forth across the street in between picks? Probably why it takes so long. Because reasons.
Come on saints don't pick parker, don't pick parker...... 
Christ why is that guy with the coke shaking so damn much
NFL if you enjoy football 
Bring it on you bastards! Bring your worst! 
Thatll come later. Yeldon in the 2nd Hardy in the 3rd please
Good! I've missed having a L. Tomlinson around 
Fuck!! Pick has been in for 5 minutes let's maybe, umm, see who it is? Jesus
I'm a Mariota. A Mariota!
Cutler is convulsing as we speak
thats just not true. we have 2 starting spots up for grabs and at least 5 players competing for each on already on the roster. CB2 and LG
Jesus that pick has been in longer than they were on the clock. Gotta milk that air time I guess?
How is going black celebrating a 50th anniversary?
McShay 9/17, Kiper 7/17, Mayock 6/17
well and the fact they just traded their starting guard!
Bradford or Mettenberger?
Haha, ok.
Shaq Thompson
Fuck ESPN and fuck their shitty invasive questioning
k sips
True, and i'll take them as they come. I just really don't like the kid and I hope he fails as hard as Manziel, Tebow, and the like.
wait, why?
This is... something
Read that as Lion's dick for some reason
Why is the stream above so behind? It should be posting the pic in the stream as soon as it's known like we are doing in the comments.
UHHHH.. 
Has any first overall pick taken the whole time?
I'd forgotten all about the RGIII trade. JFC, what were you thinking Washington.
Most boring pick so far. Trades NOW
would it surprise you to find out that the draftees get to keep the jersey and hat they pose with, but the cost of the jersey and hat will be deducted from their NFL deal? 
Constantly, he was mocked to them by everyone.
Ummm... You must be new to ESPN right?
Man. That was a helluva draft class. Fun to read through [the whole thing.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001_NFL_draft#Player_selections)
Vic. 

*Pls*
Shit, meant to say James!
no, you're not the only one circlejerking over a 28th pick for the lions
These picks are coming so quickly.
lol "is he wearing a skirt?"

edit: I meant to quote the nfl network guy, i knew what he was wearing 
More ppl like him.
I would wish them well the same as I do all my local high school and college teams. I would cheer for them to win every game until they played the Pats, where I would hope they put up a decent showing while getting their asses handed to them. 
Getting the most lotto tickets in a seemingly random game. The Patriot way.
Lets save the hate for the Tigers
I think he is a good player. He a good fit for 34 DE.
someone at white's table looks out of place
Chargers, Melvin, let's get freaky. See you Week 3.
I said this in the previous one, but

The pick was in immediately after the trade, I get they wanna do analysis for the Phins pick and i'd be mad if they didn't talk about my team,but come on, announce the damn pick! Plus No reason to speculate on who the Chargers are gonna pick when THEY ALREADY SUBMITTED THEIR PICK
Or Brown, please take Brown
The Jets with the trade their about to make
Nonononononononono jets pls,have mercy..
Like victory. 
They tried to kill Santa. 
And now it gets interesting.
They did.... confirmed.
He has a ways to go yet. Big play threat, but not quite as well rounded as we need him to be yet. Wayne was coming off an ACL tear and not producing well before a triceps(?) injury that hurt his production even more.
Patriots draft Malcolm Brown, which is awesome, but the hell just happened.
with a capital L
Nelson Agolohor???
I honestly hope we trade down. We already have the best D Line in the league.
"They're pretty stoked"
Hey, I saw it.
I'm so sorry Leonard
I wish they would have took Williams. I know we need a QB but damn this guy is full of question marks.
O.O Williams to the Redskins?
I like our pick of Perriman, but I think he was a reach at 26...
Alex Mack was selected only two spots lower...and he's pretty good.
tensions high, soz brother
I know!
Alright Chip, here we go. 
Whats the rumor?
They ~~don't even show highlights~~ don't show nearly as much highlights of the players that get drafted...

I like to know things about the players instead of "woo fan reactions".
Williams is still probably going top 10 but it's not a big surprise that he's dropping. He's not that impressive of a prospect to go top 3. 
Its kinda ridiculous
The NFC North rejoices!!
Who's this NOT guy? I haven't heard of him.

Why did he get swapped with Long?
You know, I was just thinking I really want the defensive lines in our division to get better.
Everybody wants our home jerseys.
I hate Chris Berman...
Does not mean he's staying.
That's perfectly normal!
NFLN intro is way better
Considering Parker was gone and who's still on the board, I am totally on board with that trade.
this wait... come on now announce it 
This is the only acceptable time for the audience to boo.
C +.We got the best player in the draft though he is a luxury pick.
Be more successful. Dicks
for once.
[woah!](http://www.geeksandcleats.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/thats-racist-geeksandcleats-gif.gif)
Can't even pronounce Mariota lol. Good job commish
This is a great scenario for the Falcons, Beasley is sitting there for the taking
What the fuck.
BUT WE DONT HAVE LINEMAN INSTEAD WE HAVE 20 RBS
FUCKING GREAT! Vic BeasTley!!!!
Swap Gurley for Martin?
doesn't have enough scratch yet to pull that off. Those are cash up front deals. So I've heard.
...And with that, the Steelers have no idea who to pick.
Gotta get those ratings
Skins gonna skin.
gimmie a charity!
You are the best
Less than 4 minutes on the clock and no trade in. So damn nervous!
Beasley pleasely*
Miami pick is in. They're taking a kicker because lol Sturgis.
Well then I LOVE this pick ;)
So Collins to the Colts, Kendricks to the Packers, Malcom Brown to the Saints, and Randy Gregory to the Pats?
Goodell just said "guard"? 
I'm going to go out on a limb and say no; no he didn't watch any Titans games.
2-3 is tomorrow 4-7 is may 2.
I hope they don't pull a rams and draft more dline to their already stacked one.
Busta, straight busta.
Too bad for Tre Mason lol
Really? No LT Jr. jokes?
Revis, and Williams. Rex must be pulling his feet hair out by now
I half expected Goodell to get up there and go "The philadelphia eagles select.... wait what the hell... Marcus Marioto?"

*Chip jumps out from behind the curtains* "**HA** FUCK YOU TITANS HE'S MINE NOW YOU CANT DO SHIT"
Joe Montainya.
The colts now have 2 TY Hiltons and the shortest WR corps ever
He played basketball, you say? 
tune into CNN eagles fans have taken to the street to riot
Fucking city people... 
Team drafts Shane Ray where weed is legal. No problems here
you want some of his cracked coke cane?
I was more talking the Butkus/Sayers highlights ESPN was showing.
Sheeit, I wouldn't even mind dropping a higher pick on him--maybe a 4th?. He seems like he could be beastly.
He's the reason I didn't want to go QB in the first. 
S'okay bro, we need defense (mostly). 
I literally have no idea who Houston will pick? Dupree? Perriman?
Before the Giants pick Mel was like "No way you take Flowers here," Gruden was like "well maaaaaaaybe you raise him up your board." Boom, Flowers. Suck it Mel.
Umm okay
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
there's still time
They still may trade mariota
sounds like she's trying to make him get emotional
>Two First Round Picks, 3rd Round Picks and **Fletcher Coxs** 

Holy shit. Chip Kelly is so crazy he wanted to ship his own player twice.
Redskins selected Scherff
No. It's really not. Unless he's the next Marvin Harrison, I'm extremely upset with this pick. WR is just about the last position we needed to upgrade. Especially with Landon Collins, Malcolm Brown, and many other players at positions we desperately needed to upgrade still on the board. 
Why would you be wearing pants at all?
Has Chip failed? 
Torrey Smith 2: Electric Boogaloo
Eat a dick, Clay Travis. Eat a dick.
I agree the defense needs to be fixed more, but so does our offense. I'm guessing there was no defensive player worth a #7 and the BPA was White.

We're not going to be contenders in 2015, so might as well try to build the best team rather than focus on our weaknesses and end up with an average tram.
Ahh, thinly veiled racism. So refreshing.
Fuck Duke, harder than ever. You and your damn Coach K...
Dude... seriously.... He's our guy alright? Stop making us look bad in front of the others... We'll talk about this when we get home.


Wait, nevermind. Forgot I was a Broncos fan there for a minute.
good lord Peat is a lot of person
we didnt get rid of maclin...he left us
I suppose it was too much to expect Peters to fall to 32. Now I am wondering where Ray, Gregory, Jones, Perriman and Brown go. 
I think it's a good environment to keep him straight. Fills a need too so if he stays straight it's a good pick.
This is who we should have drafted, sigh. :/
I hope the Eagles trade up and pick a kicker
At least it isn't the I am the man song anymore
i have watched him here at UF for several years. He is a good run blocker and very quick on his feet. IMO a top 3 O-line in the draft
Now the draft begins. 
[yey](http://i.imgur.com/vIf0lAD.gif)
Schwartz (2)

Erving (1)

Mack (1)

Bitonio (2)

Thomas (1 and only)

Talk about investing in the trenches!
It gives me flashbacks to when the Gamecocks played Tennessee.

How the fuck do you have a 14 point lead with like 5 minutes left, and lose the fucking game?
On yours or reggies board?
> poor 

He's gonna be rich now!
http://i.imgur.com/s28PsRv.gif
Walter Football has been saying for months that Leonard Williams was higher rated by mockers then teams were.
Chris Borland, their draft pick last year, retired this offseason
It seems like all of his team-mates are properly hydrated.

Reminds me of that Lance Stephenson gif
YESSSSSS!!!!
Shut up about her.
*Hey remember when your brother died, lol. Thoughts?*
Payton said in his press conference tonight that he had no intention of moving Armstead, Strief, or Peat to guard. 

You were saying???
I'm still not sure if it's mario-ta or mare-iota, but I at least know that it ends in an a. 
I don't know whether to be happy that you guys repeat this meme, or nervous that you're jinxing it.
I'm looking for a video of it now because I swear they said center. I dunno maybe I wasn't paying attention. 
acdc lol nice
They would have been better in Los Angeles?
Yaaay...?
I still cannot believe commercials after every pick..Just looked at the General thread and the Cowboys already picked 3 minutes ago. This is sad ESPN.
God fucking dammit. Grigson you can't blame anyone but yourself when we still can't beat them next year.
I wonder how long it's going to be before people start saying Chip is going to trade Agholor and Bradford for Mariota
I guess not returning his prom tux worked out for the best.
Hey I apparently can't view Kiper's draft picks without being an "ESPN insider" (paid acct)...how are his picks matching up with reality so far? BC it seems like after 1-3 he's been whiffing mostly, from what I can tell of his commentary.
Redskins gonna redskin.
Ugh...
If you have kids or sensitive relatives near by, be prepared to close the window asap.

I may have raged over there myself... 
Drafting on potential and banking on doing a better job coaching up OL than UF's staff.
Gotta protect RG3, dude's fragile as hell.
So far I couldn't be happier with how this draft is going. All that's left is for you guys to draft a Tackle while we pick up Byron Jones and today will be complete.
It was an aquatic mission, came in from the bay dressed up as a walrus. 
Bad timing. Lots of rbs left in the draft.
THERE IS ONLY ONE BEASLEY AND HIS NAME IS SWOLE
First round receiver. Proceeds to catch everything without relying on P.I. I'm good with this
Damn, Gurley choking up got me choking up 
Anyone know the story about the pin? With the guy's face on it.
It's already 1am here and I could be up for another 40 minutes to see who the Raiders pick... assuming they don't trade back? Welp. 
they could and probably would trade their 2nd rounder for him at this point and i think the Vikes would be hard pressed to say no
Sorry, I've seen a million, which one?
"Jameis Winston"

*YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY*

said Roger Godde-"

**BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
Like for real, just text Goodell the pick or something. What are they doing, sending pigeons? 
What are blockers? I haven't seen blockers since 2001.
ESPN is shitting on the Titans again? What a shocker
HAHAHAHA GUYS ITS FUNNY, SHE ASK A GUY ABOUT HIS DEAD BROTHER

SHUT UP, WE GET IT. SHE PROBABLY WAS TOLD TO ASK IT
something something can smoke there something
"Who the hell's this mario guy they picked anyway?" - Roger Goodell 2015
He's almost as high as Mort
WTF chip
Or ukulele players
HAHAHAHHAAHAH THAT'S SO REDSKINS
Please God, Jaelen Strong drop in the second round to us.
Damn, no chaos. How disappointing.
Looks like you guys might get Williams
They draft a QB named Bam Sadford. 
HOW SHOULD I FEEL ABOUT THIS AHHHHHH
You already know trent is gonna fuck it up
Can't believe Chip Kelly changed the Eagles name to the Titans just to draft Mariota.
WOAHHHHHH
Manny's not bad, just never expected the Lions to trade for a former Millen pick
Damn straight 
Damn, really wanted L. Williams! This could have changed our D forever!!!
So many naive comments on this "just comming in to help" things. Most police investigations if they truly had zero doubt he was involved would just do that over the phone or something. They flew him down there and said they were not ready to question him yet. 
Very serious about the whole BPA regardless of position thing.
Let's get that OL for the fourth year!!!
Oh shit the main character's name in that movie is Kelly...
idk but either outcome is gonna have mad controversy for weeks
https://mobile.twitter.com/MySportsUpdate
I really wish that it was a Jets tradition to boo the picks that they like and to remain quiet for the picks that they don't like.
Espn broadcast is so far behind the picks. This is nuts.
Well they have to manage two networks doing commercials at different times.

Hard work.
With how many picks the redskins had in the top 15, I'm really surprised they used the #5 pick here. Wait, they only had one.
Not bad Falcons, not bad.
You know what will work out better than Hilton? Two Hiltons!
The CBSSports guy is so fucking mad right now. I think we're the only team to get a D grade from him so far.
Jet's are going to draft a baked potato. 
If Falcons take Ray at 8 I won't do anything irrational because I will be sad and stuff
Yeah, not really excited to see another Jamaal-like player on a rival team in our division. The running styles are uncannily similar. 
I'm going to watch this entire draft in my new Edelman jersey just to watch the Patriots trade out of the first round. But idc I miss football.
You and me both sister
Definitely a great start
Someone (I forget who but) on Twitter had him projected as a fourth rounder
I'll get ya a beer when we meet there
/s?
It didn't work when it was "kill Bledsoe to win the division" either, but it's still hopefully gonna be fun as shit to watch. I'm at full mast imagining this DLine + Bowles' blitzing. 
they went from 23rd to 28th
WHAT?!? 
Lol at all the lolbrowns comments. This was a great pick.
I mean we all saw it coming
Goodell
I fucking hope so. A reach at this point, but I love him.
Us and NBA game threads probably
BUT DID YOU KNOW GURLEY PLAYED IN GEORGIA?
That's what I've heard but I mean we won't know 100% until it happens, right?
Or perhaps a kicker with one leg?
It's actually kinda nice seeing guys stay at home with their families, not that the bells and whistles at the draft wouldn't be cool, but it's probably a much more relaxed evening.
He is an Arkansas man 
Joe Thomas really is a scrub isnt he?
I didn't see any video. The booing must not have happened.
On NFL networks coverage we got a nice highlight reel and analysis...then some hot chicks on Twitter feed. 
**GOD FUCKING DAMMIT WE WERE SO CLOSE (AGAIN)**
Just Foreskins things.
I honestly wonder if He can orgasm after her popping out all those babies. her shit probably hangs like a dog tongue on a warm day when them panties off.
Yeah he needs a sandwich
At this point do teams know something about Malcolm Brown that we don't?
That Breshad Perriman is Greg Oden's dad
I like how all the analyst are like, the pick has to be Cooper. None of them are even mentioning Williams. Yes I would have liked Williams, but I find it funny everyone who knows anything is gushing over Cooper/Carr combo, and I come in here and people going lolRaiders for taking the by far best WR prospect. 

I am hoping Cooper can become the next Tim Brown. We need a more explosive offense and with Cooper stretching the field and being able to do anything we ask, I think he will have the same impact AJ Green has had. 
READY THE PETTY 
THATS MY BOY >3 

BROWNS!
[Aaand... it's gone](http://i.imgur.com/lcxyE0D.jpg)
There are 26 other potential 1st rounders in the green room, cooper, mariota, and winston chose not to attend the draft.
No joke, if I remember correctly they have a full on sewing room backstage to attach names to blank jerseys.
Sun Devil Nation let's go. Treat him well GB
As long as the Lions are included and the Bears and Packers are not I say you can be a fan of 20 teams!
lolwut
Just let them "LOLRAIDERS" circlejerk.
One more pick away! Please jets don't draft Williams
except the pool would be frozen
The pick is in. No trade?
Vince Young 
Sigh...
I don't know about you guys. But I heard "BOO-URNS"
Is this real life? What do they know that we don't? 
Mayock 4/10, Kiper 4/10, McShay 3/10
Leonard Williams is too close to Chicago. Make it stop. Make it stop!
We tried.. Steven Jackson brought an injury bug to Atlanta..
PATS DIDNT TRADE WOW 
Dude. No. Fuck You.
Jaelen Strong could be an option but that might be a reach at the top of the second. 
Damn it
NFLN if you have it.
His only weakness is his lack of strength 
I wouldn't mind getting Zac Stacy in petty blue..
lol mods fucked up. But this doesn't bother me, we just signed Polk and this class is deep at RB. Also, I'm loving this a capella "Move on Up" that ESPN has going.
I love him, he's a monster. You got a great NT!
You forgot your /s there pardner.

I mean we're totally not set but there was no one to really pick up at our pick so bleh.
That's a really nice pick. Dude was an absolute beast last year. No more suffering through Donald Brown for the Bolts. 
Shaq
no he was at home.
What were his character concerns again? Like why did he get thrown off the team? 
Jets got so lucky.
We've got all those 4th rounders, we can trade up. 
DAYUM what Revlon hair color did Chris Berman apply last night??
> Simpy be yourself.
Before I pass judgment, who the fuck was the source for this?
Then he will fuck his date right in the pussy. 
Whoa whoa whoa, slow your roll.
Im 3 for 3 in guessing
Fucking chargers screwing up everything
Fuck you, that's why.
Eli-Rivers sounds like a hillbilly bluegrass musician. 
the only really shocking pick so far was Gurley to the Rams smh
*15
So wait, nothing but draft stuff can be posted right now? Why?
As an Auburn fan, showing highlights against us is way too easy. Our DBs were not good last year. Cooper shredded us, but it was not just because of his skills. Showing him against LSU is a much better showing of talent.
Yeah, I think I'm ok with the Broncos trend to draft good players with off field issues and fix them up.
because the Texans would have gotten him
UConn!! Gotta love my Huskies.
BROWNS TAKE BRESHARD PERRIMEN
Somebody hold me, I'm not ready. 
[My reaction right now](http://gfycat.com/MammothTeemingAnophelesmosquito)
Holy shit, Cooper?
You wouldn't happen to be a Patriots fan would you?
[Redskins fans right now.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CD4VuzuWgAIiiS_.jpg:large)
Titans drafted Philadelphia Eagles?
Not once our D has had a go at them
Or Faulk!
Eagles fans, do you have a need at defensive tackle?
No he had an amazing year, he going to be a slot corner. 
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. Fuck. Why the hell. No. Please be joking. 
Is Fowler better than Williams?
Eh? 
can't really trade him after he signs his contract. at that point, you have to give him his signing bonus (which is apparently going to be almost 14 million dollars)
Idiotic. Gotta make him compete.
Speechless
And yet. Fuck. Maybe.
ESPN shamelessly bringing up a dead brother just for the story/attention.
Is the espn stream behind the tv channel?
He's still on the board, though. We could have been gambling the wait.
I can see reading comprehension is not your strong suit. How many times do I have to answer that before you stop answering?
Can he play receiver?
As a Rams fan, I hope he goes to the 49ers or Cards
I predict the Giants will take Shelton
Nyssa or Ra's?
oh hey.. a Browns joke. *rim shot*
6:59? You were 2 hours late for the draft! /s 
WHERE IS YOUR GOD, RAIDERS FANS???
I'm sure he is getting lei'd tonight.
But he also hasn't been cleared of anything
Hopefully he puts Kevin White on his ass first matchup of the year. 
NOTHING COULD STOP THIS KID except for an ACL injury. He'll fit right in with the Rams. 
Wouldn't Gordon have been there at 17 though?
Niners probably go defense with all their changes on that side. I say either Dupree or Armstead goes there
Dumb trade. What are the chances that Houston picks Gordon? I doubt it was high and you trade a 4th and 5th for that risk?
Your what?
On NFL Network, they were discussing Collins' plummeting draft stock due to the circumstances how teams won't take the chance on him, and all I could think of was Goodell saying Collins' name.
Not getting past Washington 

EDIT: what the fuck do I know?
Gotta go with France here. 
what? they run a 3-4. Williams is like the prototype for a 5-tech...
boooooooooooooooooo
AC/DC....nice
I'm actually shocked they kept the pick. And thankful 
I got plans to eat Cinnabon 
It's only going to get weirder from here on out.
No doubt, but its not a huge position of need for the Ravens right now.
Leonard Williams going full Rams and gathering ALL the defensive linemen.
The announcers don't even want to speculate on who the Falcons will pick. 
Said-rick
Jets should swap with the Falcons so ATL can get Williams and Jets will still get White.
Doesn't mean it ever stops being funny.
Bears don't need no defense apparently.
I'll send a raven for Ramsey Bolton
Solid OT from Stanford.
That's like the only thing we don't really need. I mean, we could use depth, but we might have the best starting LB corps in the league.
Adjective? Roflmao what the fuck are you on about? Tripping up all over yourself to get the last word
They could really use the picks, bias aside I think picking Mariota would be dumb.
i have to wait another 25 minutes???!! grrrrr
Yeah, transitioned to a new HC after Sarkisian left for USC. Plenty of talent on both sides of the ball. Just need to get a solid system in place that everyone buys in to. Coach Peterson, formerly of Boise State, can hopefully get the job done.
Thank god this dude isn't coming after A.A.Ron
>schefter is saying 49ers not done.

Oh, they're done. They may not be finished drafting, but they're definitely done.

:-)


The league will roll back the picks from that point and re do the draft.
And one less dick for you good sir. 
PLEASE GET TRADED! I DUNNO IF I CAN WEAR A RAMS JERSEY. 
Fucking yes
Apparently Laken Tomlinson is really smart.
CHIP LOVE PAC
:) we are coming after Brady
SOOOO.... CAN GURLEY PLAY GUARD?
Not now, dude.
The NFL Commercial show!!! this is so cool 
The Texans may [trade back at 16](https://twitter.com/JaysonBraddock/status/593934794012000256).
ur not as drink as me btw
you need a CB though and he can play both
hornets swarm together 
This has got to be the dumbest pick of the first round. As if running back was the piece that the Rams were missing. smh
Unless Mariota ends up as Brady/Peyton he's not going to be able to carry the Titans
haha, me too. was hoping for some kind of trade madness. 

nothing exciting so far at all.
Dude looks MISERABLE
Wow, you can really tell the delay to Honolulu. They were still watching the intro video. That might be a couple minute lag on reaction when he gets selected. 
Mariato... Really?
Dat Jets D is about to get crazy
Because the past few picks have been late round o lineman, I want a solid prospect that has been proven in college. The guys drafted have not played well so far. 
Devin smith 
SD overpaid
Lol that was perfect 
YES!!!

I can't wait to see him slot into the defense.
You NEVER tell the media that you nearly sold off key pieces of your team for an unproven player. 
WHAT THE FLYING FUCK?
It's Shy-Town now Chicago?

I know what he was going for, but... some things don't quite work.
**WITH NO REGARD FOR HUMAN LIFE GIT DAYUM**
*thats you isnt it?*
So happy we got rid of Wallace
Was expecting him to go before 25. Solid pick. 

(from a fan of another team that didn't need a WR but took one anyways)
That was oddly specific 
Bear down!
OF COURSE HE IS EXCITED TO GO TO COLORADO!!!!
The big board doesn't consider the positional needs and fits for certain teams. It's just a flat ranking. Combine that with just a few teams making weak picks or stretch picks and it all shakes out.

If BB likes him, I'm not too worried. In fact, I'm happy we got a top-15 talent without having to trade up.
It's absolutely terrible. "FCK THE TITANS FOR NOT TAKING CHIPS DEAL! THEY WILL LOSE FOREVA AND MARIOTA IS BUST!" basically sums it up. 

So what are you hoping for? WR or S seems to be the consensus
That's one hell of a surprise.
This doesn't end at 11 lol
I see the Rams going with the best player available or a RB. So Bud Dupree, maybe Devante Parker or Trae Waynes. Gurley and Gordon could be possility's as well
THANK YOU TEXANBROS
Man I don't know about this. Lots of good WRs in the draft this year.
Woooooooow
If they passed up the rumored trade from philly then they should be fired on the spot.
Somebody please make a gif of the guy who was cheering that pic, it was quite perfect
Hes gonna fit like a glove
Hahahaha, fuck you Patriots 

Every drunk Jets fan right now
Would you rather have Barkley/Sanchez/Agholor or Tyron Smith though?? feel like yall come out on top there lol it sucks 
"London's team"
For a stud? Absurd
Thx man.
marioto pls
Poor tre mason
A [gif of Flowers getting REKT by Randy Gregory](http://draftbreakdown.com/gif-embed/?clip=253752&gif=ThoroughMeatyIndianrockpython)
Awesome pick
Was Irsay drinking again?
I hope he does well. I think he was the right pick, even with the off-field stuff. Hopefully he matures now that he's a pro.
You don't draft need you draft BPA. It so happened he fit the need.
Fuck this shit.
WILLIAMS IS OURSS!!
yo this makes me wonder WHY ARE PEOPLE PASSING ON L WILLIAMS. Wasnt he compared to mcoy from tampa all year

The Slick Rick Double Dip First Round Pick. 
> some user here said he'd rip his dick off.

Is that streaming somewhere?
YOU TAKE THAT BACK!!!!!!!!!!
jacksonville changed their 3 letter tag to JAX a couple years ago.
Texans can fuck off. Right off
No shit, Titans are delusional if they actually turned that down.
The Guy with the marijuana violation goes to Denver.

LOL
I don't think those are as overpaid as Maclin would have been
IN TED WE TRUST
Mettenberger would have never worked out with our OLine IMO. The OLine can crash around Mariota and he will still get it out. 
I know, but Gurley actually has vision, unlike Richardson. 
Ours is most definitely a joke
That's not a critical component for *every* WR.

We already have jump ball targets in Streater (6'3"), Holmes (6'5"), Butler (6'3"), Rivera (6'3") and potentially Kasa (6'6").

The best WR in the league last year was 5'10".
pay up
Man Giants can get a great D lineman
Wait wtf? What about Ha Ha?
I mean, Tomsula is a DL coach and all, but I'm still not happy.
that was quick Way to go Jax 
Why would there be any? It was a ploy to separate the user base across more than one thread.

There is no such thing as a spoiler since the official pick is official at the same time for all networks.
Yo, Jets...the clock
On that note, why is this a thing? This should not be a thing.
Fuck you Tennessee. 
Marioto vs Jameis week 1, god that's going to be a terrible game lol
Jags select..... Brett Hundley
ITS IN BITCHES
monster play, can play in the 3-4 or 4-3. great pass rush
Thank you, Jets. Rodgers sleeps easy again.
He might be my new favorite player in this draft after that interview.
Titans trade you their first round pick for your second and the condition that you start Tebow at quarterback all season, unless NFL signed doctors decide he's physically incapable.
Sorry. As mentioned elsewhere, I was apparently mislead by a Browns post.
Im drunk so honesty

I hate the chargers with passion, but i wish LT was a Raider with all my heart. I literally was tearing on his intiervew when he was cut.

Just dont tell other Raiders fans. LT was a hell of a player and a hell of a person
Is there any chance we trade Mack if we think/know he would leave after this year?
Top 10 pick on a RB who can't play until midseason? wow
Here comes the first trade. My guess, to Cleveland. Cleveland take Gurley. 
I feel every year it gets slower 
Why the fuck would they draft another receiver?
We wanted one so much that we drafted one 
sorry bud. i doubt he gets that far
I don't think it's gonna happen. There's always Dallas.
San Francisco is changing

HAHAHAHAHA
Mr Chip's Wild Ride please continue! 
Good job, Redskins. You guys have to get someone up there to protect RG3 and give him some time. He doesn't have anymore ACLs to tear.
That's a big ass dude. 
like that commercial where deion sanders sneaks back into the draft?
Pick is already in
Sue can quarterback my meeting any day.
Kah-leel
Jameis went #1. so not too badly
Samoan. He's from Hawaii.
Ohmygod. PTSD. 
How do false starts happen at all when in the huddle, the QB can just say "don't move until I say X"? Only time I would imagine it can happen is if they use silent counts.
Congrats to Danny. He is a [beast](http://i.imgur.com/sc34nrb.jpg)! I can't wait to cheer for him in the future seasons. Best of luck.
Or that Lawrence Phillips guy.
If this is true, Titans FO are fucking retards.
[**@SI_PeterKing**](https://twitter.com/SI_PeterKing):
>[2015-05-01 03:33:24 UTC](https://twitter.com/SI_PeterKing/status/593981518755696640)

>First\-round trades
>2012\-14 \(average\) 14
>2015 2

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=http://reddit.com/34hcnh%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

Who needs to stop the run amirite
Geography fixed your character issues problem 
Other than him saying he would be shocked if we didn't pick him weeks ago? Get out.
YEAAAH PARKER!!
What the fuck. This eats ass
I never realized how much of a history you guys have with feature backs. I watched Steven Jackson tear it up for years.
Just stay away from Ybor....St Pete is where its at now.
I really don't like Winston. 
These guys don't know what prototype means.
WHERE ARE MY CHIP KELLY TRADES!? I WAS PROMISED CHIP KELLY TRADES!
gurley more like girly ayy lmao
Let's hope so
no this is a good thing, now he will bust. Good ole Jets. 
[FATHERRRRR!](https://38.media.tumblr.com/60bf446db676b286d1d94dc762a66af7/tumblr_miiyi7SM4d1qhbt56o1_500.gif)
As an FSU alum, Myron Rolle tho :(
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckfuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckfuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckfuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckfuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckfuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckfuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckfuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckfuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckfuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckfuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckfuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckfuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck

edit: I can't take this
Oh shit Jags already.
Why not help the QB when Kevin White was still there?
see, it's working
Gurley?
Oh yeah, we picked up Helu, Hudson (C), and Crabtree. We also got a blocking TE for jumbo sets. It seems like they are finally building a team. 
I'd sure hate to be a QB in that division. So many good d-lines.
Yes!

Edit: Wait shit we play you this year...
Fucking A I wanted Scherff so badly :ccccc
Lol look at them now. I guess you only pay attention till your team is eliminated.
It's kinda misleading. He's counting a trade where teams swap firsts as 2 trades. This should be the number of picks traded, not the number of trades. There is a very small difference in the wording, but it's a huge difference in what actually happened. For example, the Rams Redskins trade for RGIII is counting as at least 6 trades here. 3 firsts from Washington total, 1 from St Louis, and then St Louis traded Washington's first that year to Dallas for 2 more trades according to this. That's technically only two trades and 6 picks, not 6 trades.
HAHAHAHHA
He real fast. He make fast people look...not so fast.
So where does Snacks fit into that?
I want the Bucs to draft any position other than Quarterback, just so I can watch the ESPN analysts pretend like they saw it coming.
I also saw a 12 year old seahawk fan on a gamecast. For the most part, we don't boo. I got years of data to back that up, all recent.

edit: plurals are important.
Vikings.... Denmark.... Ragnar?
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

WAY TO KEEP THE TRADITION GOING CHICAGO
I will not watch it if he does it, but I will gain a strange satisfaction from the knowledge that he went though with it.
Cause I want him damn it
Was a typo, was reading below a guy talking about the Bears, edited instantly but guess that wasn't fast enough haha
WILLIAMS WILLIAMS WILLIAMS WILLIAMS WILLIAMS
him and luke are gonna fuck shit up
Fuck you
HOLY SHIT BULLS THOSE MEN HAD FAMILIES
Wow thanks for bringing up dead siblings. Fucking wow
The Football gods giveth, the Football gods taketh.
I'm so erect just thinking of this. 
Titans should have traded that pick
Nah he was considered a later first round talent
Hell yeah give me Leonard Williams
jajajajajajjajaja
Don't forget Branch and Colin (not Chandler) Jones at the DT rotation.
Pick in...that makes me extremely nervous
Idk about that but I do know it could be wayyyyyyyyyyy^999 worse.
I quickly glanced at my phone and thought it was a glitch. 
I really wish the Titans would have bitten on this.
T
Take the deal!
[Black Parents Like to Be Original](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gODZzSOelss)
Damn it

Pick traded for Richardson and a 7th
Percy Harvin 2.0
Glad you are enjoying your pick. They won't trade him during camp.
Im 3 for 3 after the fact
I think you ignore the times he shuts down #1 WRs because they aren't mentioned when he does it. Go back and watch some games. And once again I'll emphasize a fair amount of the big plays he gives up is because HE THOUGHT HE HAD SAFETY HELP OVER THE TOP!

FISHER EVEN SAID IT WAS MCLEOD'S FAULT FOR THE DEZ TD THIS PAST SEASON


The 49ers Lloyd TD at the end of the half was on him though
Can anyone explain to me why the potential 1st rounders aren't waiting in a green room ready to go on stage like in the past? What changed?
Mark it. Winston is a bust. 
"Marcus Marioto"



You have one job, Goodell. One job.
Well he just became incredibly likable due to that lift.
We've got to see a trade from Atlanta or Chicago now. They've both got to be salivating for Williams and know the other will take him.
Dammit ESPN. This is the closes the Browns have to a Super Bowl and you cut them off dry like that. You cold, heartless bastards.
Mariotto
I'm pretty sure I don't even want to watch and I don't follow CFB enough to know anything about pretty much anyone but still turned it on. The withdrawal is real.
you did.
Someone else could've traded up
This is my first time watching the ESPN coverage. Mel Kiper seems like the worst...
Maccagnan unable to get the trade done. Doesn't matter who the pick is, he already blew it.
ayyyy
RAIDERS DRAFTING NEVER DISAPPOINTS
Now Chicago got their boo game together
what a fucking steal
Is Mort drunk? He seems to be slurring a lot
Marcus Peters to the Chiefs
This just doesn't feel the same as being in NY.
Go back to cowboys fans eating Thanksgiving dinner
Shit, I wanted him =(
From an economic perspective, we absolutely need a growing population in order to have enough working taxpayers to keep Medicare/SS solvent and stave off a debt spiral. 

Japan has negative population growth, and correspondingly their debt is out of control because retirees are on track to outnumber workers.
I knew it sounded weird, but I didn't know why until you typed it out. Didn't realize the league was that old. 
That promo was made before the draft.
Is anyone else kind of disappointed? I would've thought strengthening the o line for kubiak would've been a priority
I miss the WWE-style "WHAT?!?" chants Goodell used to get
Shock and awe here tonight folks
Wow, the Jets got a great player. Still not sure where everyone plays. 
What? Two reasonable picks by the Browns? What the shit is happening?
2 years from being 2 years away 
What the fuck is this? A logical thought about weed in CO? Astounding. 
My heart is pounding....
Something happen pls I can't handle this any longer 
Probably play him as guard or RT and shift him to center if Mack goes down again. Plus we could lose Mack in FA soon. It'll probably end up being a smart pick in a couple of years. The Browns are hard up for OL depth anyway. See second half of last season.
FUCK ME SIDEWAYS
Good legs, Andrew's going to have fun with this guy. 
nvm i got it the hard way
Winston looks much better in this shade of red =)
Have some class let him be happy you fucks!
Haaaaha!
NFLN master (thread) race.
I mean, the teams in their division have good QBs and WRs, so...
How is this guy better than Leonard Williams?
I was thinking Pats will at least bring him into camp if he gets a release. They lost Ridley and Vereen, basically now it's Blount, an unproven 2nd year White, and mostly unproven Gray.
millions of dollars millions of dollars
At least 10" of that 18 is neck.
Yes Miami didn't trade up. Thank you based god.
Well shit.
Aww. Well at least Carr has a new toy.
Nope. You didn't draft him because he doesn't fit...
Big mistake, TB. Big mistake.
tud pls
I really hope we don't trade Mo 
I'd much rather take Brown or Gregory than trade out. 
At least we kept Scherff from Giants it looks like
It's a prediction haha. I'm just hopeful!
I was too. Flowers isn't that bad but Scherff is a stud. 
Money is on Perrimen
I'd rather they address their awful O-line. I don't care if Mariota has shitty receivers as much as I don't want to see him get murdered. Christ. Why not address all these needs NOW and keep your serviceable qb and then draft your franchise qb next year once you actually give him half a foot to stand on. I can't help but feel this was just such a selfish shortsighted pick.
Couldn't tell you
"Melvin, remember Apollo 13? How does that make you feel on the night you get drafted?"
Let's take the guy who is dumb enough to get caught with weed 3 days before the draft and put him in the state where weed is legal... Makes sense
no! baltimore needs marcus!
Thankfully he didn't ask that during the season. He would've been greeted by angry /r/nflstreams responses and would be choking on downvotes by now. 
Oakland might have drafted him if he did
holy shaky cam batman!
Pretty accurate. 
woah, Gurley that early!!??
Melvin Gordon, right?
How can Williams be a starter on that line?!
Huh, TIL.

The more you know! 
He would literally be competing for arguably the best player on our roster.
Big Kev
Fuck. Ass.
"Phillip Dorsitt"

Goddamnit Roger now you're just fucking with us.


"Action is fast and furious here" Right.....
TD!
Ghost of Rex Ryan turned in the pick for another D-Lineman.
10 minutes seems like a really long time to pick.
Most people do in these threads they have it ready to copy and paste for that karma 
Who is the monster behind him? That guy is every bit as huge as Danny.
Lol you think Ybor is sketchy??
Laughed hard than I should have.
no. I don't like this
the rest of us need to draft every single corner so NE can't get anyone
Bar none the most clever Packers fan post I've seen in a ***long*** time. 

Beats the hell out of the regular "CUTLER IS OUR SECOND BEST PLAYER OMGLOL AMIRITE?!" comments you see every 10 minutes on here
Did I miss something with Leonard? 
Don't get a fucking WR, there will be one at the top of the 2nd. You don't pass up LW right now.
He probably shouldn't have tweeted that. But that's hilarious
Gotcha, just wondering when I saw lots of mocks with them grabbing Shelton.
I don't either. I just thought it was funny.
if they chose Kev White nothing would have changed. Cooper was the correct pick their if they wanted to go offense
117th overall and 5th or 6th next year.
OH GOD BAAALKE TRADE UP FOR WILLIAMS
Make him a guard ala Kyle Long. 
DeVante please!
LET TEAM CHAOS BEGIN
5 minutes left for Chip to make a trade.
:D DAT 37-36
The Titans are retards if they don't pull the trigger on that package deal. 
Now for some fun at #2
Right after that sandcastle guy I've heard so much about
Oddly produce a disproportional amount of NFL talent.
If we got pub subs at Raymond James I might go ahead and grab season tickets
Should have gone for Leonard Williams.
Someone must have taken a lot of time to make this gif. The internet is a beautiful plcae 
Fuuuuuck
No pressure Jameis, just the future of the franchise is all
And then he yelled "Fuck her right in the pussy!"
They really need to not try to slow down the draft. 
NO OTHER DIVISION IS ALLOWED TO HAVE D-LINEMEN. 
It's definitely possible. I really like Amari though. I think he's the real deal. 
Horrible pick for them...
lemme know your charity!
Right on time here comes the Jets boos 
Phew. No Williams for you Bears!
Were you present for the convo we tried having about this on Wednesday? I suggested there was more to the idea than just Legwold taking BPA and every comment was "BUT WEED AND VON"
nfl.com/live
It's Joe Montana you crazy asshole!
Colorado is pot friendly
hundley?
Reasons for beasley over dupree?
WTF!!!!!!! Grigson You Son of a Bitch let Malcom Brown, the player we need, go to the fucking Pats!!! Ffffffffuuuuucccckkkk
I forgot we almost got stuck with the whole night of Ray Lewis stumbling over words trying to describe players.
Awesome. Thank you. 
Scherff over Williams. Hahahahahahahaha.
I agree. I hope someone takes a shot on him. I'd love it to be the Pats, but that seems super unlikely so soon after Hernandez
oh my god williams is gonna fall to Chicago.
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
Ugh.
CHIPBEAUCHERY. 
He also refused to not go on Showtime's "Inside the NFL" show as an analyst when asked by the Bears, so his plan was to fly to NY every week to tape his show (and he would have been the only active NFL player to do this). I guess now that he plays for NY, this is as big an issue as it would have been if he stayed in Chicago. 

There is a reason why we are the THIRD team to trade him away for a pittance. 
[This guy had me going for a second...](http://gyazo.com/5fbb779a0274a76ebeeea7b9f9af312b)
He could have gone #1.
filling a need, i like it.
Not like the Browns had a top O-line before Mack went down or anything 
Yep. So if two teams are 2-14 like this year, one will have the number 1 pick and one will have the number 1 pick in round 2. Makes it a little more fair than just giving one of them the better pick in every round
I wouldnt even be mad
Ha, did you guys see Gruden shake his head after Winston was announced? He doesn't seem happy. 
Bless you HighKing
Last couple years the picks have been leaked on Twitter before they announce them on TV 
haha


This dude is cheesing. I love him.
Man MSU has had some crazy good cornerbacks recently
I didnt want us to take mariota. I have two reasons why : Vince Young
WE NEED SUSPENSE! MAXIMUM SUSPENSE LEVELS
Can we still get Mariota? Fuck
Either Grigson is a secret genius or a total madman
FUCK Scherff gone that early fuck 
Bryce Petty?
ah. Was confused because the text said center. 
heyward-Bey
no reply

Rivers will never win a Super Bowl. It feels right.
They got Manny Ramirez and two 5ths.
https://twitter.com/ZSTACY_/status/593946934819180544

 I dont know if this was already posted 
I don't know why people were so quick to believe that specific rumored trade deal. No chance that was the trade offer
Guys, I'm pretty sure the producers told Suzy to ask him about his brother...
Which had the better coverage? Espn or nfl network?
I thought for sure you guys would take Brown, or even Gregory
Congratulations. On both the jizzing and the pick.
Lol no shit. NFL makes the schedules. 
Hm, looks like Saints want to rebuild the line. Unger from Seahawks and now Peat.
shit! there goes that joke
finally
I'm liking the Scherff pick more and more.


I'm sure they didn't trade for Ramirez just so they could have a $3,000,000 backup interior lineman. He'll probably start either at center or at left guard. Swanson will definitely need to earn that job. I thought he was fairly shaky last year and had a lot of trouble snapping the ball when he played in preseason.
I haven't loved a Wisconsin this this much since Wilson. MG3 isn't like other Wisconsin RBs. He made plays on his own. UW had a good but not great offensive line this year. I have faith that Gordon is going to be a stud rb. He might not have an amazing 40 time, but he has elite acceleration and great vision to do along with good moves and a plus stiffarm. he's a lot like Demarco murrary.
I thought it was 6
Brooks loves every pick. A team could draft my 89 year old grandmother from a retirement home and he'd like it
Ah Gurley seems like a good kid 
Who is Marioto... YOU'VE HAD MONTHS GOODELL
It's Williams
Gurley to the Rams!
Go Laken! Duke player taken in the 1st round of the NFL draft - awesome.
nooooo
goddamnit NFL app on my phone is sending me a notification for every pick. 
Ya I was surprised you went WR. Your defense was an absolute mess last year. Your skill positions are literally the best part of your team. Without him your passing attack would still be fine. Can't believe you guys didn't go for a pass rusher (or literally anyone on defense).
[I'M READY](https://gfycat.com/DimpledElderlyHermitcrab)
Nobody notable has ever been drafted in those rounds anyways so it's just a head start on more offseason speculation.
Are you suggesting Scherff has a 2nd/3rd grade like Frederick did? I don't see any cowboys fans complaining about Tyron or Zack.
lol man cool it with derek carr. When you say he is one of the best rookie quarterbacks in the league thats not saying a whole lot.... The rookies last year were not that great and he's not going to become a stud in the matter of a year, he needs time. And if we are stagnating so much how come we keep making the playoffs? I guess we will just have to wait and see. but I have a feeling things are probably going to be the same as last year with us making the playoffs and you guys making pathetic excuses. It seems to be a trend with you guys. 
Owner high on pk's move right there Dan. 
Yeah I've also heard of Tavon Austin.
I mean, let's not get ahead of ourselves. 
 
Edit: Two draft picks save franchise. Got it. Browns to the Super Bowl confirmed.
-_-


Yep
In todays league, a lot of teams have more than one great pass rusher, RTs are very important. Plus he is a leader, team captain, and tough hard nosed T who can play G and C. This is a pick that reiterates what Scott has been saying, we want a big tough team that can run the ball.
I hope enjoy the draft brother. Unless you're a cowboys fan. Then I hope you're mildly disappointed.
He can opt out of his contract after this year, and hes wanted out of Cleveland for awhile


No idea who the Bears will take tho
YEAH BABY! 
Blue balled so hard.
Do we know what Det got for the trade yet? 
Pretty sure that's not what homewrecker means...
All 3 seconds apart
Over Kendricks????
No one wants Leonard. 
Really dude?
And spicy chicken.....
Kevin White: "Umm, I want to thank the Americas and the Iraqs and solve world peace."
I've been in the defense boat the whole time. I think the best receivers come from Rd 2
He won't get past us if he's there.
Berman is so cringeworthy when he talks to Gruden.

"I don't know if you remember the Raiders..."

"I don't know if you know the Redskins coach..."
Finally the real DGB post. 
Winston is fearing for his life right now.
Chip Kelly trades everyone that didn't play for Oregon for Mariota. 
Where's that dude who makes gifs really fast? I want one of that dude with his tongue out ASAP
YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED I PROMISE THIS TO YOU 
can someone pick Gregory so the Ravens or Patriots don't?
man, this whole setup is stupid
***IT"S GURLEY***
I actually can't tell if that's sarcasm or not.
So theres all of 12 seconds discussing this pick after waiting 20 minutes. Fuck you NFLN. 
That time of the month?

I meant which one plays the 5-technique 
Kids got a peanut head. 
Rookie WRs can transition pretty well and I like the play making ability of this guy and Mathews. Really interesting skill positions with those two guys, Sproles, and Murray. Best weapons Bradford has had considering they've never had a RB or WR for him. 
Fair enough. 
I dont even know how that would work. But Im also glad you didnt volunteer however. 
His lawyer said in his closing argument that Hernadez WAS at the muder scene, when a good part of the case was trying to discredit the fact that he was. His attorney was even trying to discredit a footwear expert who's testimony put Hernandez there. Why would you go through the trouble to prove he's not there only to drop a bomb in the closing statement and say he was? 
Jordy and Randall who?
Titans bottled it. That's an insane trade.
Hah! He's gurley!
Philly has to take a taxi between the two venues because this is the stupidest format ever
Nb got the best player. Wasn't a need but still. 
Pac12*
Ikegwonu, or however you spell it. He got arrested in college for B&E + theft and did so again recently.

eta: he never made the NFL, though, I don't think.
fuck these commercials between every pick.
For those who are sick of the two clowns presenting the NFL Networks web feed, you can watch the real thing here http://www.stream2watch.com/sports/football/nfl-draft-live-stream-april-30
This karma reaping needs to stop. You've literally posted the same thing in every thread.

I'm just mad I didn't think of it.
As a Mizzou fan I dislike this pick.
Winston, Mariota, Cooper, Kevin White, Beasley
Bold prediction: Breshaud Perriman to the Browns
Just got back from the liquor store. Can't believe I made it! Lets do this.
There goes my pipe dream of having Peters
Gtfo. Go Pack
Yea it is. I don't think people would mind a DE in his first draft, but not that guy. I mean, holy hell.
Mettenberger must be so sad right now
Well I mean, the 2009/10 Packers had the #2 defense in the league, unbeknown to most. They were actually #5 in yards
SHAQQQQQQQQQ
And suspensions.
Guess what? **COMMERCIAL BITCH!!!**
I suppose the colts plan to put score everyone 
what the actual fuck ....
Mayock called him the best cover safety in college football. In Ted I Trust.
Safety play is less dependent on man coverage technique. It's more reading the offense and reacting. CBs have a similar responsibility in zone coverage but in man it's more being able to mirror your man's movement, without being fooled by head shakes, shimmies, false steps, etc. It's a much more reactionary and instinctual thing than watching the play developing in front of you and reacting to it. 

In order to stay with a sub 4.4 40 running WR, a CB needs elite speed and agility (hips). If he has this, most teams are willing to ignore poor tackling ability. A safety is normally playing off and can get by with lower levels of athleticism, with a lot more focus on his mental ability to read the play and tackling to finish it off
I don't think so...but ya never know. If Al was there they would.
I don't even know if this is a joke anymore
Cam's gonna be getting nailed all season long too. At some point why don't you nail him some linemen and receivers?
Baalke making the pick everyone predicted.
Wuuuuuuu TANG. Wuuuuuu TANG.
I dont think it was that much of a reach. Everyone in here is calling it a reach but looking at the guys picked behind him nobody is that impressive.
Look at how well Ken handled Leinhart.
Lmao that fan "WAT?!"
I wanted some discussion of the pick, but why would that happen.
NE like Tomlinson. 

Shit. 

Trade. 
Fuck it, I hope they do break the bank with his contract and give up too many picks for him too.
Why is everyone so desperate for a trade?
all of our linebackers retired
Fucking fuck
It's all bout those squats. That's where the power comes from. 
As stoked as I am that Leo is open, Jags, I think you got yourself a great player that 100% fits your scheme. You got yourself a mini-Khalil Mack.
Ohhh this is [gonna be good](http://mediaassets.knoxnews.com/photo/2014/05/31/media_210846f36de346d3b7d2ac479fcc825b_5514801_ver1.0_640_480.jpg).
"Major DRAMA that's what!!!"

Hey guys, guessing we filmed that before the draft, huh?
DAE LEGAL WEED 
Ok buddy, a big reason we couldn't do anything on offense was the shit play calling by one Marc Trestman, he's gone which is an upgrade in itself.
I'm here to see what the Eagles do
I'm pretty much pulling an all-nighter here in Germany, so the Saints better do something sexy here at 31.
We the Muafuckas runnin dis bitch
[Marcus Mariato - NFL Network](https://streamable.com/0t9q)
Never underestimate your front office.
What the hell.
If I were one of these guys in the middle of the desk, I'd totally be wearing jorts.
Yessssssss
What's this song that plays sometimes? Is it a cover of Curtis Mayfield?
Ccmom now. Gordon ran a 4.52. Jamal ran a 4.38. Gordon is also 15 lbs heavier 
Can you post a picture?
Move on up
He misspoke twice on Oregon. 
Well the fact that they got a proven player tips the trade in their favor. Moving from 28 to 23 isn't much of a move but they gave up quite a bit. It's a solid trade for them though as long as ray pans out well. 
I'll believe it when I see it. With all that we know it's a fucking dumb pick.
I concur
Well, now you get both Watt and Fowler, I guess. 
Mariota hung up and tried to call chip really quick to come and get him.
... Do you have eyes?
Too much Manning pizza?
have fun with scherff at RT with his t-rex arms
Fuck... Yes! As a MIZZOU fan, wow! This guy is a Dwight Freeney caliber talent off the edge. Outstanding pickup.
BREAKING: TOM BRADY
Exactly
Not a sexy a pick, but a needed one. Love it.
This is going splendidly. 
Haha wow the fact your down voted shows how many bears fans in denial are on this sub. Most true comment ive seen on this sub in months.
Oh man..
Knowing the Browns, he's going to end up being the wrong type of coke machine
Fuck that.
i mean, ok i guess?

don't they need TONS of other positions more?
Well, apparently the whole Mariota trading thing is just never going to die.
Yeah he was a workout warrior at A&M. Dude's a physical specimen though.
Where is Charles Charlie Chip Wild Card Kelly at? We need to shake this bitch up!
Kick everyone off all those sets except Eisen and Mayock, cut the commercials, and you've got my dream team.

Fuck I said those words. Forgive me Chip!
 http://i.imgur.com/4zNtx1v.jpg 
Even Maroney was pretty solid for a few seasons wasnt he? He was a decent fantasy RB anyway lol
Kid went to my High School. Fucking stoked.
This draft has not lived up to the hype.
WOOOOOOO HOOOOOOOOOOO
What a stupid question. Fuck you espn
I believe it was a trespassing ticket. I was actually standing about 10 feet away from him when it happened, but sadly I don't remember too much of it as I was a freshmen experiencing my first Mifflin. 
Wait, the Jets actually drafted someone good? My god
[Bud](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/thecosbyshoww/images/1/11/Bud_kenny_cosby_show.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20121124224801)
Late picks and Manny Ramirez
Feel your pain brother. And we have similar needs so I'm sure you will take whoever we are looking at next.
Should have picked a QB.
pls bust
Mettenberger for Stacy?
maybe they'll time out on the pick
I'm a Clemson diehard and it makes me want to cry.
This pleases me.
Damn Patriots. With Brown still on the board?
Ouch, that really sucks.
bit of a reach by the Giants but Left Tackles are hard to come by
WHAT THE FUCK. 


Crossing my fingers for Perryman at 31. Or at the very least trade down. If we take DGB or another offensive player I'm going to be furious. 
Yeah what the fuck, he just stared at the camera with his mouth open 
Roger Goodell couldn't even say his fucking name right...
I don't think he was a worth a 1st rounder
I had a class with Brandon this semester. He's such a nice guy. I wanted him, but there was no way he would drop to 11. Damn.
Even Millen drafted right once haha
I live in St. Louis as well so I feel my chances of finding a Bears hat, let alone one in my size, are not that great, but thanks for the response. I'll have to hit up a few of the malls out in West County this weekend and see what they have.
Vic Beasley is even color coordinated for the Falcons.
Maybe not that high, but the kid could be special. I'm kind of hoping Chip makes some kind of deal.

Inb4 too many Eagles quarterbacks
haha...ohhhh schefty...they used their first rounder on a guy because a starting corner had a 2-game suspension?
You try to find the time to look over kids' names when you're trying to move a franchise to London.
[whispers into your ear so the rams fans can't hear]

*who's Tyson Clabo*
God dammit....
*eagle screeches are soars by*
dude... give it up
That was fast Jags
[**@PeteCarroll**](https://twitter.com/PeteCarroll/)

> [2015-05-01 00:00 UTC](https://twitter.com/PeteCarroll/status/593927981153656832)

> We're pumped for the 1st round of the \#NFLDraft! \#SeahawksDraftClues \#GoHawks [[Attached pic]](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CD4OWgFUkAEkXCc.jpg) [[Imgur rehost]](http://i.imgur.com/wi32TmG.jpg)

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Give us your no-huddled masses!
Pats defense was #1 in turnovers generated that year if I recall. They just gave up a lot of yards
Did Leo kill someone? Why is he falling if he's the top prospect for most "experts"?
He could barely play RB.
https://robinsurbanlifestories.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/finished.gif
Good lord her vajayjay must be lose as hell 
Can NFLN make 16:7 commercials instead of windowboxing during the draft?
Is Jameis at a funeral parlor? !
Is there any Eagles fan that would've actually been okay with this?
UW GOAT First round school!
Texans have a monopoly on corners with the initials KJ
Come on vikes, reach horribly

edit: dang it
It was in an article on either espn or the giants website a couple weeks ago. And it certainly isn't as bad of a reach as people are making it out to be.
FUCK!!!!!!!!!!

http://www.reddit.com/r/eagles/comments/34gp6x/titans_taking_mariota/cquh2nx
Anytime.
There's a million dollar combine workout right there. 
shit ;)
It's not high for a RB if he's a future AP.
SKOLLLLLL
He's still a rookie WR. I'd hardly say the position is locked up.
Good luck MG3
defense. thank god.
I don't like this pick.

I LOVE this pick.
He has a lottery ticket AND got drafted on the same day? Now THATS lucky! 
Lol no
Romo's back and I are pretty excited about this pick.
Lightweight.
Berman angry
Im pretty sure it was he was going to be the top rated tackle, not the overall top pick.
And what show would that be?^you ^know ^for ^science
So, does this mean Isaiah Pead really is a bust? /s
emacs bro.
it was a joke on the lays around his neck.....
I think Williams or Fowler both would have been fine. You're still right that Cooper would have been an awful pick for them.
Shout outs to the Jets for taking the whole 10 minutes like some jabronis
Flowers from the Reach, Snow from the North, Sand from Dorne, yeah, we know...
Oh Lord... 
Damn, didn't think they'd actually do it. Pity for Mettenberger
Dudes...

Now is not the time to bring up people's weaknesses. Not cool.
SHOE DRO-wait 
brah
And yet we're mildly more interesting than the Skins.
I thought they said they were going best player on the board? I bet their board would be a fun read.
It's been a pleasure ladies and gentlemen but I got to go watch some Avengers with my homies. I will proceed to keep tabs on my phone and annoy everyone around me. 
wow. passed on Williams? Rivers' prayers to Jesus were just answered.
Why do we never fuck up our picks? I have never been disappointed in our first round selections. Lately.
Rich Eisen on loop, lol
TBF I think there's a 3rd lady behind the Jags guy, but other than that, no I have no idea.
EVERYONE FREAKING OUT. 

HE'S GONNA BE OUR SLOT CORNER
I'm really digging this set up they made for the Draft. Looks really good.
The annual race for second place and missing the playoffs continues?
Muahahaha haha haha HAHAHHAHAHA!
Browns are gonna try to draft Connor Cook
i can dig this trade
Fuck this, we got Armstead.
Good god that Ex Machina commercial is annoying.
Wtf are they even talking about? What's a Trent Richardson?
[Speak For Yourself](http://i.imgur.com/wUGQDaQ.gif)
Incoming boos
no applause lol
Pretty much equal in strip clubs. At least downtown st pete isn't all that bad
For anybody wondering...my porterhouse turned out fucking melt in your mouth good
Be patient. This draft is filled with O-Line talent.
Was Gordon going to Houston? Why move up?
There's always practice
Watch as BB fucks with everyone and trades up with the Browns to draft Shane Ray
I like it. Protect that qb who has a fading arm and is vastly overpaid. 
Get on with it for fucks sake, some of us want to go to bed already...
Why do people keep acting like this was such a bad pick?

Mettenberg didnt look good at all
You'll need 6 linemen and tight ends to make McFadden effective.
You just compared Zach Mettenberger to Brett Favre.

Go stand in the corner. 
What are you talking about? Everything you said is wrong. 
wow CBs I thought would be available in the 2nd are already gone. 
that suit tho
Yeah, they are so alike. 
I wouldn't mind a threesome with scherff's two sisters.
He has position flexibility, which Mayhew said he prizes in 1st-round OL. I guess this sorta fulfills the prophecy.

At the very least, it gives us veteran depth on the line.
I'd have preferred to either trade out of the round or take Gregory/Dupree/Ray
Blindly following our GM isn't the greatest man. Sure I trust him, but we have had bad picks.
[He's FAT!](http://www.scwwrestling.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/Scott-Steiner1.jpg)
Editl; this is w orse for the raiders than it is for the eagles
Alex Flannagan is in San Diego for us...

Alex Flannagan is in San Diego for us...

Alex Flannagan is in San Diego for us...

Alex Flannagan is in San Diego for us...

Alex Flannagan is in San Diego for us...
Yeah, you did, just the pattern at all. You guys draft pretty well. 
cooper or williams? 
LOLSKINS
FUCK IT I'M CELEBRATING
Alex Flanagan
Tagged as post-op
wow he went way earlier than I thought he would
Their sub is hilarious as well. After the pick there was a good amount of calling the Titans a shit organization and Tennessee the worst place in the world.
GMs this year: "Fuck RB devaluation".
If the next few teams could pick pass rushers that'd be great
So. Many. Pauses.
It's one of those things that's so blindingly obvious, that you question your own knowledge - like "Wait, Marshall Faulk played for the Rams right?"
No feature backs since Dickerson?

Someone forgot Faulk and Jackson, and that's just off the top of my head. Embarrassing Gruden, you should know that shit.
No. Trade down
OMG the team after picked him. What dummys
They hired Taco as a draft consultant. 
racism?
The Cleveland Browns select...a grilled cheese sandwich.

*cut to Browns war room where everyone stands up and starts congratulating each other*
At least he said his name right
Schefter was talking weird too, I think their ear pieces might be acting like a speech jammer
It happens every year
So I guess we went best player available on Teds board. He could fit in many different schemes. Also none of the top Inside Linebackers were taken, so that is promising for the upcoming rounds. 
Marcus beeen on the beach too much.
Schwartz prefers the RG spot so I don't know which guard spot they should put Pugh at.
Obviously I can be too. We'll see in a few days when the Giants big board gets released.
Oh shit. Can't wait to see Marshawn vs. Marshawn 2.0
drunk
3/10
Its funny... a lot of people thought that this would be one of the craziest draft we would've had in years... and it turned out to be one of the most predictable draft we had in years
too soon for jokes that rhyme with jacquizz :(
Considering it's still a banned substance by the NFL, I'd say this is more a negative than a positive...
Unstoppable minus getting injured. He should fit in with the Rams well.
Mariato was drafted not Mariota. The Eagles still have a chance!
NFL network has its own thread
Hey hey, my neck might be beard, but my chair is not arm.
Noooooo I wanted White dangit. 
Back in Black
you don't get to say that after the off season you're having. 
He and Vic Beasley go from teammates to rivals. 
Has everyone in this thread forgotten we have Jeremy Maclin
Giants might take Shane Ray. They need rush and I just don't think out of Armstead and Ray that they take Armstead.
Yeah what the fuck was that?
*What's that like?*

*Hahahahah! I dunno! I'm high as shit oh my gosh! Hahahahhahahha*
TITANS ARE GREEDY BASTARDS
Dude we've got like three All-Pro level guys on our line
His biggest moment was picking Bridgewater to ruin Louisville's perfect season a few years ago.
Lol, Bungles... I'm cheering for you guys.
Chip... Do it.
Who the white chick?
I was shocked with the White pick, thought for sure it was defense for you
Which Collins ;D
Amari "Jerry Rice" Cooper
Know when they say to act like you've been there before? Well Jets fans haven't
Goodell is corny AF
Lol Al Davis dies and you all still take a receiver in the top 5.
Flowers and Gurley are definitely bigger
http://i.imgur.com/vB9B5.gif
Danny Shelton has been fined 20k for picking up the commissioner. 
Love this pick. You got a good one Philly
5, 7, 5 per line

Comprises a haiku.

I hate poetry. 
He was never charged with a crime, and even in a school hearing that gave his accuser every possible legal advantage a former Supreme Court justice determined she couldn't meet an extremely low burden of proof. Add on that her story has changed several times and the facts don't add up and you have an accusation only. The theft was a hook gone wrong. It's still a theft, but for the purposes of character there is a difference between accepting freebies and traditional theft. Pretty much everything else brought against him happened in the first semester of his freshman year, except him yelling a meme in public.
Imagine that
no... at the draft? to Goodell? couldn't be
wait...JFK is dead? 
Does someone want to do something interesting?
Probably the king of stating opinion as fact on /r/NFL. And most of his opinions are majorly homer and don't contribute anything meaningful to discussion.
Brett Hundley to Cowboys plz.
Nice technique--kid's got a good future in the league.
I like his tie.
ACL HYPE
He can cover TY Hilton. 
They just knew the next two picks and know they got their pick. Probably Jones. Which is exactly my preference over all.
Packers run a revolutionary 1-1 defense. 1 down lineman, 1 linebacker, 9 DB's.
brilliant
yup. next years fifth + this years, manny ramirez and denvers first. for 5 spots down.
If that Eagles trade offer was legit the Titans are fucking high not to take it 
Kevin White: "I'd like to thank the man upstairs"

Interview Lady: "Let's go upstairs to Chris Mortenson"

Chris Mortenson is stunned. 
>Danny Shelton from Utah


greyworm dies
Good pick by the Browns.
How the fuck do you pass on that

Titans... Come on man
I was sitting here for 5 minutes trying to figure out where I ever mentioned Canada until I realized you meant Vancouver, WA. No, I'm down in southern OR. Been to Portland twice though.
Haven't you seen UHF? Nothing says "I love you" like the gift of a spatula!
Feed me your hate
WOULD THEY HURRY THE FUCK UP AND START THIS?
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAT NOT WILLIAMS?

Washington goes crazy.
We can always hope they are stupid. Maybe they are rusty and forgot how to draft in the first round.
I wanna see Todd McShay pop out of nowhere and just blindside tackle Mel.
Gurley and Mason rotating in fresh is gonna be nice!
You know who this was a few years ago? Peyton Manning. Except back then we didn't have the media blowing up every single time an athlete drinks a beer. But he had sexual assault charges back in the day too, and look how well he made out in the small town daddy made sure he got drafted to
Lets be honest he probably never intended to keep Jake around anyways and he proved that when he started Mett over Jake after he was healthy again.
who gives a fuck about the academic all American
Show the video where he literally jumps out of the gym.
Shelton here?
My "curse of Wisconsin RBs" comment earlier aside, I'm pulling for Montee. He's a good guy and I think he and CJ can both thrive in Kubiak's offense.
You will enjoy watching him. 
Why the hell did we trade up?
lmao 9/10 would hysterically laugh again
I don't know your corners too well, you guys still have Joseph and Jackson right? I'd assume Johnson plays slot?
Have fun spelling this name Cincy fans ;)
This. He's a perfect tweener. He's not a fit for us. 
Mariota is still on the board boys let's get him!
Daww, Gurley bout to have me choked up.
That scrub thing you HAVE to draft with 22nd pick. It's like a league rule or something.
His name sounds like the guy in the Coors commercial trying to say "Sheriff" 
**BOOOOOOOOOOOO GOODELL**

**BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
Kevin White is bust city
Danny Shelton could have a future as a Somoan Stomper in the WWE
Jay Cutler now has a new target...Trae Waynes
Okay, I'm not a fan of this pick. Much bigger needs
This is a really boring draft so far.
Not news, but them taking Leonard pretty much confirms it.

What the fuck. WHY.
Sean Smith has 1 year left on deal.
Please Jets don't let Williams goto the Bears
Solid Whitworth replacement in a year.
great pick 
With Minny fans saying they wont take Waynes and SF fans saying they wont take Amrstead, I'm scared that we'll take Collins
The dean is a browns fan? Interesting.

It probably explains a lot.
 Andy Reid will make him better. I believe so. 
IS HE THE SHOE!?
Are Bears fans here happy with the pick? I feel like they could have drafted someone instead on defense.
FUCK YOU FOR THINKING WE ARE IN KANSAS.
He's drafted really well. What are you talking about 
Melvin Gordon is in San Diego.

Melvin Gordon is in San Diego.


Melvin Gordon is in San Diego.

Melvin Gordon is in San Diego.

Melvin Gordon is in San Diego.

Melvin Gordon is in San Diego.

Melvin Gordon is in San Diego.

Melvin Gordon is in San Diego.
Maclin replacement 100%
Blow it!!!!
OMG PLEASE. CANT BELIEVE WE CAN GET WILLIAMS!
Williams seen at Baltimore riots
Damn. First Zach Mettenberger gets replaced and now even his agent wants to be traded.
fuck defense i guess
You should probably read the Mod post about today's plan. Spoilers in this thread will get you banned for the draft. Unless you wylin'. Then you just wylin.
We need to get Joe Namath to try and kiss her again.
My condolences.
ALL BOW BEFORE OUR FRONT 7
I'm not saying he isn't explosive, I'm saying he's not particularly comparable to Charles IMO
GET TO OUR PICK DAMN IT
no love for Landon Collins?
I can understand, but after the past couple years I think we've gotten a lot better at scouting players.
also they just print them with a machine
I wonder if the Titans will be able to develop a QB, guess we'll find out! lol
Narrow urethra. 
**DAMN YOU HOUSTON**

Edit: Nevermind
No way in hell jerry would allow Ray on the team
We will break the record for sacks in a season with 474, and still finish 7-9
Exactly. Same here.
They already had Miller and Ware/Dumervil
I love how people downvoted you for having an opinion and being positive.
Good. Now we can get back to the important sport.
is this the big surprise????
Oh thank God we got a WR. Now I can finally sleep (it's 6 am here)
Smokescreen
The Eagles are reaching, jeez.
Mike Mayock stunned into silence for a second there
Lol, if you believe this, I have a lovely bridge in San Francisco to sell you.
If i were the colts, I'd take brown just to deny him to the patriots if all else.

SD gave up a lot but that kid is sick. 
That's....interesting. Was sure they'd go Williams. Shows what I know.
P
I feel like this would be so much faster if they just announced a damn pick when it was in. 70% of the time it says the pick is in then they go to commercials and shit.
Damn Laken Tomlinson would have been a good fit for the Pats
Blacker than Russell. 
poor chip
you gotta extend your no WR TD record
Crutches. Why the hell would you be in a walking boot for a knee injury? 
He's been mocked to us for months, so it isn't a surprise. I emotionally wanted Williams because he is a Raiders fan, but I believe that there was no wrong choice between the two.
Ayyye
Too bad Bradford isn't there any more. Todd & Sam could have shared a hospital room
Carr finally gets

a quality receiver.

Good pick by Oakland.
Could be wise for the Rams....Could have drafted Tebow on accident.
Mad Max looks dope.
WHAT ARE YOU LAUGHING AT?!
I was talking about how they draft one each year. Oh well
I like the trade. I'm very excited about Melvin Gordon and what he brings to the table. I'm really liking our Gordon/Woodhead backfield combo!
Man, Ray and Von Miller are going to be scary good. Denver gave up a lot and it was a good move by the Lions but damn, good pick by Denver!
I love Gordon a ton and think he'll be great. But trading up to take him at 15 is the best value of the round? Really?
Most fitting pick ever
God damn Dolphins.
Dolphins select WR DeVante Parker.
You scared me with the DGB post. Lol
As a Browns and UK fan. Fuck.
> Ereckt

FTFY
At this rate the draft will be finished sometime around Week 6.
Please fall to us Ronald darby 
ARE YOU GONNA STAY THE NIGHT?
They did it by drafting busts in the first round while having Tom Brady, lets be honest
Again what's the little jingle each time goodell speaks for?
oh shit, was expecting williams or cooper here
Took the word right out of my mouth...
You can't have ALL the QBs.
Incoming ESPN commercial.
And so are the eagles for offering all that
Next Haloti Ngata
Yeah I dont get it.
That is going to be an extremely scary defesne
It wouldn't surprise me if the Jets take Gurley 
Personally I find their 'analysts' more obnoxious.
Well, as a fan of a team with a "high flying offense", I'm of the opinion that it can be extremely fun to watch, because things can just take off at any moment.
Wow Byrons lady friend
Kendricks dropping? 
I probably shouldn't give him a hard time. He's got a TON of potential
Dude's never going to pass a UA now.
Damn dude, you're right. You are edgy as fuck. 
So, what team is going to make the first truly head scratching, inexplicable pick?
But Seth is what's best for business.
Yeah you can almost feel the animosity sometimes.
Brian Leonard anyone?
Gurley > Mason > Cunningham... Stacy = trade bait?
LOL BROWNS AM I RIGHT?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!

Actually though, great pick.
Damarious Randall
They could have gone Kevin white easily 
I agree he'll get top priority, but your leash is a lot shorter with Tre behind you. 
Well it gives the other teams a lil bit more time.


They wait because you never know if a trade will be incom.
It's Winston
MARCUS MARIOTO LOLOLOLOL 

WAY TO GO, ROG. 
Malcolm Brown makes to much sense for the Pats if they don't take him they will likely trade back
I want to be happy about this

I'm reluctant as fuck tho
PICK SOMEONE NE
that's sickening.
Here goes to a wild draft
Why have there been two guards taken in the top 10
/r/DenverBroncos was positive it would be Jake Fisher.
This is what people said about Zeitler. Just relax and let him get healthy and learn from some fantastic tackles.
QBR, qb rating. No matter what you look at since the second half of 2 years ago CP has been better than RW. In fact he has measured top 8 in both categories in the entire NFL. Not to mention cardinals gone 13-3 (6-0 last year) with CP at the helm. 
Just wait til chip gets mett
And that doesn't even include Crabtree. The cascade effect is real.
Most teams drafting very well so far IMO
Laken. Welcome to The Great Lakes. Dont Fuck it up. 
LETS GO CAPS!
Please Baalke. No Armstead.
Dorsey ordered a pizza at just the right moment
I was thinking that or Parker 
Not news. Who is, really?
There's a term for this called "tu quoque" A person avoids having to engage with criticism by turning it back on the accuser - he or she answers criticism with criticism. 

The problem with this response is that it ignores the potentially valid criticism and focuses on how it was delivered.
Literally? 
I like it need a reciever to replace Torey
If you are watching on NFLN I don't think there will be any. 
I would prefer Gurley over Beasley...... For you guys.... Cause you need a RB of course.
gotta make the jersey
Brady gone' die.
Fuck. I really wanted Scherff
Not addressing those defensive woes Chicago? I guess they think they will just outscore Green Bay.
"""Lol we're not taking Armstead" - every 49ers fan" - every comment in this thread" - /u/InTheHousesOfHoly's comment
Hahaha
Are you thinking of Steve Young by chance?
It's cool. We need guys in the trenches. I know WR is a sexy pick, but filling the D-line and O-line with warriors will make our offense and defense better. Look at the 90s Redskins [and Cowboys.](http://i.imgur.com/8x6ot.gif)
**BOLD PREDICTION: Stephone Williams, ILB from Clemson, will be drafted tonight**
Lol. 
Damn, you win this time MANja! I will be back!
Nope, next to 
DAMN Cooper or Williams. What does OAK do?
Yeah the Broncos were clearly high on Shane Ray.
I'll never get over how awesome Williams' hair is.
Meh, NY was better at it. 
He's actually been the 6th most accurate analyst in the last five years.
It was his agent that would ask for him to be traded. Mett personally I'm sure will act professionally.

Acting like that would just kill his chances of ever being a starting QB.
Goodell must be the slowest fucking walker of all time. 
Bampersand!
I will not allow this to become a thing. 
OH NO

OU, technically. He never played a game for us, though (suspended). Got kicked off the team at Missouri before that.
Looks like every fuckin mock Draft was right lol 
ya hes retardedly strong i wouldnt worry about it:

http://www.cbssports.com/collegefootball/eye-on-college-football/24634158/video-iowa-ot-brandon-scherff-hang-cleans-443-pounds
Oh so people don't think he's good? 
Jordan still project as the new No. 1? 
Randy Gregory, 



Andrew Luck must die
Not succeed.
Same reason Matt Ryan's 19 INTs weren't a concern. 
Just imagine if he picked a longsnapper! It would've been easily the most upvoted post on /r/nfl!
He's a talented player but you gotta wonder if his hair will hold up at the NFL level
yeah I think the implication was that he would have gone higher
I think Lacey will be better than bell. 
What the flying fuck?
http://replygif.net/i/1000.gif
That third pick? We have someone dropping. Tenn didn't trade their pick 
Tampa better not take all 10 mins they already know who they want
You sick fuck.

At least consider sending it to the Peoples Temple.
That pick just blew my mind.
Laken is a 'y' or two away from being a 2 year old girl's name.
Oh i know. I have to wait again to see who they pick now.
is this guy even qb?
hey man he said most memorable hits. we've had some cool plays

Rams fan... Shocking
As least Redskins did something different.
People say that every year.
Pick up Bryce Petty, Skins
I don't think you have any right to talk about stretching for an offensive lineman
Kevin Johnson's Suit is the first one that impressed me. Too many dudes at the draft try to go flashy, but that simple look is so elegant. 
Wow, heartwarming to see him getting choked up like that. Love Gurley 
Didn't he draft TY in the 5th?
What's the deal with those guys? Goodell in the NFL, Bettman in the NHL... why are they always booing them no matter what?
Defense?
Shaq Thompson ... Good thing his Football career worked out.

Didn't work out too well for my Red Sox

http://www.baseball-reference.com/minors/player.cgi?id=green-002sha

0 for 39 and 37 strikeouts
Almost pick time. Defense the fuck out of it Grigson
Mayock 3 for 3. Kiper and McShay both 2 for 3.
ever since the lockout they've booed the fuck out of him
Titans... 
Dat speed and rookie contract. Love BMARSH but I guess his other media activities got him traded
What?!?
I think people are over hyping him because mock drafts had him higher and because BB drafted him. 
 I chalk his first few years of play up to how bad of a match Marty Shottenheimer was. He never let Brees loose the way he excels. 
You're telling me...wtf man wtf.
Seahawks jersey weren't very good, but at the very least they were original. And that is why they're remembered fondly. I remember walking in a Moe's and seeing these exact jerseys on the clearance rack 10 years ago.
Is Goodell being jumped right now
"put Andrew Luck on his behind" THAT'S JJ WATT'S JOB DAMNIT!
Ereck Flowers to the Giants.
*THEEEEEE* Ohio State University.
Broncos trade up.
They have to make up the jersey, etc.
Well, the Vikings made their pick and it's almost 4 am. here in Denmark.

I'm gonna go pass out. Enjoy the rest of the draft everyone.
The BAL inferno pre patch
Stop forcing him down our throats Vince!
Oh lawd, what's happening in the Bulls-Bucks game. Stahp Thibs stahp, they're already dead D:
Yeah they've all been pretty successful so far. I was holding out hope he'd fall to a range where we could pick him up, hope he pans out regardless though.
I'm pushing, I'm pushing!
Man this whole situation just seems risky for the Titans. They're surrounding him with a bad line and minimal talent and expecting him to get it done right away. I don't see it tbh.
I think a bird pokemon from generation 1.
This dude is my new favorite player from this draft...seems like an absolute class act. Congrats Detroit
Why couldn't they have just kept Wallace and his retarded contract?
"Hey we got Micah Hyde and Ha-Ha Clinton Dix. Let's take another coverage safety!!" Seriously I have no clue what thompson is doing, but i'm sure he knows what he's doing.
Good o-line. Can play all over 
Malcolm Brown? 

Any good? 
Thank GOD.
DANNY SHELTON FINED $1,000,000,000,000,000,00
Because who needs a defense or an offensive line, right?
I'd drunkenly hit on Suzy Kolber any day of the week.
Haha I love at the end where they confirm the rumors everyone knew were true.
HOLY HELL!!!!!!!

What happen
oh man
Lol. "I'm a great guy. I'm humble." *Just ask me*

Seriously though, I'd be so nervous up there God knows what I'd say. 

From what I've read about him, he is. 
Jags happend.

Guys, they said commercial free until the top of the hour. Not commercial free the whole draft.
Dorsett, Laken Tomlinson (even though I loved his personality)
Then we take BPA.

Don't worry, I like to think this tackle class runs deep.
Big chargers fan now. Gordon powder blue is going to be tighttttttt.
One defense please.
So an alien. 
I knew about their devaluations. 

But you have a point, man!
Another GOOD corner lol
in our hearts, we feel that way too
Winston has the build of Russell 
So when the Titans fire Wizz, Gruden is gonna wanna coach there right?
Tre Mason did do okay. The Rams needed OL, not another back. This makes only slightly more sense than drafting DL.
I dunno, the Pats/Packers game this past season was quite dramatic.
Need some Defense first then RBs.
Everybody haaaaaates Saaaaaam
I feel like we should swap
Why do you assume that they only bring you in to see if you incriminate yourself? That's ridiculous.
"No one can stop this kid... except his ACL injury" - Berman
Oh boi 
At least we got two more picks out of this waste of a 1st.
My butthole is clenched hoping the Jets dont take Williams
Aww, bless your heart.
I like how Goodell has no problem pronouncing that but fucks up Mariota 
Danny Shelton is a big ~~boy~~ man
Next Jamaal Charles, good pick IMO
UCF
Are you serious?
Lolskins REACH!
"Marcus Marioto"
Has this guy ever played quarterback before?
FUCKING FUCK
I'm OK with this. 
Holy shit that hairline. Anyways I think this pick is kind of a reach, imo.
I doubt he's still there at that point, but if so I think they run to Goodell with the pick.
That immediate head shake..
Mort sounds drunk
[Ummmmm](https://gfycat.com/ObviousDemandingCopperhead)
I know. Dude works fast. 
WOT
Haha looks like my stream is behind and I was way wrong!
The highlights are great, but the video is incredible. Someone needs to give this guy a show. I learned more about pass rush technique in 11 minutes than I have watching countless hours of ESPN, NFLN, and live games.

EDIT: Okay, you need a show.
We already have RBs....
Was this even their biggest need?
NEW YORKERS LOVE SNAPPLE!!!
With Winston and Mariota taken, we have a chance. Fingers crossed for Jags not screwing us.
What, we can't talk shit about our rivals any more? Remind me what FTP stands for again, and why it's plastered all over the Bears sub? Lighten the fuck up kid, no one ever died from rival fans talking shit about their team.
Weighs more and yet performed significantly better in the 40, 20 yard shuffle, and the 3 come drill
They have a better D-Line than the Rams now lol and its only 3 players 
For being *so* unhip, Goodell nailed the bro handshake into hug move with Fowler.
THANK YOU ST LOUIS>3


FUCK YOU MIAMI
I'm like Chip Kelly chasing the #2 pick in the dark I just...I don't know what I'd do if I actually got it!
There was a Falcons/Gators fan shitting all of DJ and hoping we drafted him. 
ATL for Williams ?
Please for the love of god let Gregory fall to us at 35
BOOOO... Wait... that one was good... OOOOOO
If Jones is not picked by Carolina, you gotta think Ravens go with Byron Jones
How did the booing tradition start?
Yaaarrr what's ye point matey?
yeah i dunno why everyone in this thread is LOLING the pick... its not sexy to take olinemen this early, but you needed OLINE help, i think its a really solid pick
Oh god is this the Bobby Ryan of football? 
we are teaching jj how to run and punch to be fosters heir.
certainly doesn't look very good if at the first sign of adversity he tries to run imo.
I'm so worried somebody is going to trip down those stairs and tear their ACL.
It's Mariota
In the middle
REEEEEEEAAAAAACCCCCHHHH
Yeah, they're just (one toke) over the line.


I'll see myself out. 
You mean like we did last season?
Jets are going for the fearsome 6-1-4 defense
Not when it's the miners thread :(
God bills gave up so much. And they could have used this guard
ayyyyyyy lmao. 
Eh, I still think buying into the hype for draft time action is silly, I am not the one downvoting him though
Did you guys even have a RB start 3/4th of the season last year?
"this kid is going to love playing with Andrew Luck"......lol
Luck wants a new toy
With the best RB's off the board I wonder what ole Jerry Jones is going to do. I'm thinking TE as Witten aint getting any older*, maybe a olb but Sean Lee coming back. Prob just take best DE available?

*yes... time does go the other way... But really, any ideas on who Dallas will target?
It's ok you cant remember him you're probably thinking of Marioto

honest mistake happens to the best of us
Cowboys were celebrating in the War room and all stood up and gave each-other hugs and high-fives. Somehow they know who's being picked by the Panthers and Baltimore. Or they made a trade.
Sick burn
This should be interesting 
WAIT WHAT?!
We are alright at RB
Dick isn't in Pitt anymore
Get your fucking memes out of here. 
I think we can stop talking about him bring traded now.
LEONARD WILLIAMS PLEASE FALL TO 12.
He was drafted 22nd overall. He didn't fall out of the first.
Trade raping the Bills was fun and all, but even though I don't have a JFF opinion yet, I prefer a draft like this one. We have two 1st rounders, and we pick two guys, one who will make an immediate impact, and one who is insurance for O-line injuries and the fact the Alex Mack has an opt out in his contract at the end of this year. So did we make splashes? No. Did we build our defense from great to greater? Yes. Did we help make sure we can maintain a top 5 run game like we had before Mack went down? Seems like. So this was an A+ first round for the Browns. Something we haven't had since Haden.
you suck tennessee
Nothing bro. 

Just thinking my Mom would look at a phone like that and think it would make a good rock to hold paper down. 
Hahahahahahhahaahhaah that was a good one! Let me guess....he doesn't care about this pick or football in general and is smoking a cigarette too right?? 
DRUM ROLL 
Be very happy. He's the 3rd best CB in the draft IMO.
I was watching Netflix on my X11. It brought up a little notification I could watch the draft on it. I love this thing. I thought I was gonna be stuck with ESPN. 
Jets playing chicken with the clock?
This guy is fucking awesome
TRADE MORE BAALKE TRAAAADE
RIP Becky.
It's the King in the North.

Fucking amateurs.
Exactly, we wont take him, he'll be long gone by the time we pick, im thinking Tennessee takes him
With Dupree on the board? Not likely.
I think it's fairly amusing.
Now the fun begins.
where the hell are the spoilers 
With these three I just feel bad for Damon Harrison...this line is gonna be incredible
Everyone on /r/nfl said it wouldn't happen, and said the mocks were wrong.
In Ted we trust, but I wouldn't mind seeing an ILB there.
did they play yo ho a pirates life for me while the bucs are on the clock? lol
Hey, they try *really* hard. 
Ugh I always liked Williams, this will be upsetting. I hope they Skins' it 
That's arguable. What isn't arguable is: good pash rush makes average corners look much much better. This was a no brainier.
BEARS STACKED LEAGUE FUCKED

Wait you have to play defense too?
I'm amazed how you guys sit at the back of the first round every year and scoop up gold that no one else bothered to grab. How the Colts handed him to you on a platter is beyond me. 
Ya even I found it a bit too much of a stab. Makes sense as he was a 49ers coach.
Does it look better than HD tv? 
No Rutgers players taken yet, so the Pat's pick seems secure.
He so fucking cheated!
> Most people had him in the second or third round. ~ Mayock

So Shaq is going to be an All-Pro in a couple of years?
ah marcus marioto
Be more explosive?
Cousin just text me: What is defense? Is it a type of receiver?
Beast defense. Not going to like playing them this year.
It's the same kind of people who stare at trainwrecks, or watch shit like Judge Judy. Some people just like to see pain.
No receivers needed!
NOBODY PICK PARKER!
Oh goodness if the Jets take Williams..... 
Nah, our o-line needs this
Magneto strikes again!
Brett Favor
cringe. At work we have a stuffed fox that sings the song. Happens to be right at the fucking checkout. I just wanna shoot myself whenever anyone plays it
Jets have to be entertaining trade offers.
So to my Panthers fuccbois... Does Shaq play LB or safety?
Calm down Kiper 
Does anyone know why neither Winston or Mariota chose not to attend the draft?
Bud is the first official big drop of the draft. Was projected to Atlanta for a good while. Top 5 on and off too. 
Is he having it at Publix?
Wow I wonder how the NFl network always knows who is getting picked? Such a brain teaser! /s/ 
What a guy. Good for him.
Figured he means "finally we take real one".
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
should have got Brett Hundley
That was fun two years ago. We got Collins though, so no complaints. 
Fuck yeah!
5-2 MONSTER!
**BROWNIES!!!!!**
Haven't seen the Cowboys touch the phones once. (Watching war room cam)
Where'd you get 2nd-3rd round pick for Thompson? The dude is a beast and hasn't been predicted to be left on the board past the beginning of the second at worst
Why does Todd Bowles' head shot look like an autogen player from Madden?
I mean, I didn't expect him to make it to us, but at least give us a chance at Gordon.
They have a million picks. They can gamble a little. But yeah, might not have been the best pick.
Yes plus lazy. And I like the ducks. 
How many more commercials before the last pick
Wow good for him but I don't like this pick this high
The what?
Not unless someone can protect luck...
Get a room.
Lol. Nice pun.
I have found nothing. 
I know just doing some playful trash talk. Ill be drafting Kevin White for my fantasy team. 
Yeah so? I think he could be very good but I don't get your point.
Ugh.... the worst kind of Jags fan.
Those tre-tors
Gregory is still there oml
[The Walter Football guy hit on quite a number of picks, this one included](http://walterfootball.com/draft2015.php)
No way Jets take Williams? That line would be diagusting.
Bud Dupree or Malcom Brown for the Steelers. 
no... pretty sure we gained picks
Oh no.
Same here in the PNW. Just make sure if they invite you over for dinner that you come hungry! They take it as a sign of disrespect if you decline the food stuffs offered. Luckily the food is delicious!
Brown or Kendricks
Y'all have been bitching about Carr not having weapons for a while now. Well here's your weapon.
Haden? 
[Here you go bro](http://www.thethirdcity.org/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/fat-packer-fan.jpg)
So i take it you're not punching any dicks tomorrow?
I hope Houston gets Bud. I hate watching Kentucky players go to AFC West. Plus that pass rush would get even more terrifying, somehow...
Did the same thing to Vic Beasley, they have their favorites
That was such a letdown.
Seems reasonable...
So confused 
:/ that's a terrible reason for skipping him... you sign him for 4 YEARS... 
i really wish they let this guy go in the supplemental draft. NOT a suspect should be the same reason that we made greg hardy/ap agree to be paid while out of the spotlight. 

this is the grey area. they're not subject to the union protections, but subject to the cba. 
;_;
Really, because to me that's ridiculously deep. 
He went to the wrong texas team.
Sorry about the other post, I'll delete it now.
Go to draftbreakdown. They have a good selection.
BPA. Can't argue the logic
personal issues almost certainly means drug problem right? 
Good pick. We need to beef up the OL.
Vic Lombardi tweeted the news of the trade a minute before the NFL live stream I was watching announced it. I was ecstatic. Very confused. But ecstatic. It happened just as I was getting worried that there wouldn't be anymore trades. 
Shelton or Dupree for the Giants

EDIT: Welp
Raiders take Cooper please
Oh...
Did anyone else hear Goodell say "Cleveland Rams"
thank god I won't have to hear you people keep saying "Devantbae"
FYI, this is that guy who stuck a pinecone up his butt for $8 his Freshman year and got dismissed from his Junior college.

EDIT: Its a joke guys.
Raiders fans will take this pick well.
"Congrats on the nfl or whatever... Lets talk about your dead brother"
or Byron Jones if the Squealers fuck up
I hate it when teams refuse to pay someone and then just draft a worse replacement in the first round 
Richard Hamilton Dad?
Poor mettenberger
Manny too? damn
ROFL
contact your internet service provider for assistance
Sad upvote.

Wait, how are you a Baylor and a Rams fan?? That seems sorta random
What do you want the city to know about you?

*I'm a great guy*
*I'm humble*
Whoa, is this fro IASIP or Key and Peele. Which episode is this because i love both shows and haven't seen this. 
He yelled that a while ago
FUCK I WAS HOPING HE WOULD SLIP ALL THE WAY TO US.
My thoughts exactly.
Why aren't you killing Ultron, Hawkeye? Ya damn slacker.
I remember a draft where Goodell met with a bunch of SCSA's "What?" chants from the crowd. Great WWE x NFL moment. 
These picks are coming in fast, love it.
He won't make the team.
Man i love Marcus
How do you not know his name by now Rodger?
yeah, actually, I did.
Bridgewater-Parker reunion incoming?
Bullshit
HE'S ALWAYS ONE STEP AHEAD
[**@shalisemyoung**](https://twitter.com/shalisemyoung):
>[2015-05-01 03:28:57 UTC](https://twitter.com/shalisemyoung/status/593980398553665536)

>no trade after all. [#patriots](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23patriots) pick DT Malcom Brown \(Texas\), 6\-2, 319 pounds

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=http://reddit.com/34ha8m%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

A GUY WITH WEED PROBLEMS! MEANT TO BE A BRONCO!!!! 
I think it's like a tradition or something.
Fuck it
HOLY CRAP DO WE ACTUALLY GET A GOOD DRAFT PLAYER
We've already taken chances on Incognito and Harvin this offseason. Why not take a chance on this guy too?
OUR GUY also uconn i like
He can trade snaps with ware
That's the right pick with Williams off the board. Welcome to Chicago Kevin.
maybe but i wasn't expecting it at all
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Wow, listen to those cheers.
The list is taped to someone's office window, not on some placard or on the internet (yes, I know, the picture of the list is on the internet). Is there any mystery about who compiled the list? In a way I think it would be weirder if he *had* signed it. Like, "No shit, coach. We know you made the fucking list. You do one every week."
As long as Uncle Jesse approves you're good.
[**@ClayTravisBGID**](https://twitter.com/ClayTravisBGID):
>[2015-05-01 03:38:08 UTC](https://twitter.com/ClayTravisBGID/status/593982710475005952)

>Reports that the Titans accidentally hung up on Mariota while telling him they were drafting him. Never change, Titans. Never change.

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=http://reddit.com/34hbed%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

cause ive been waiting weeks for this thing and now im clueless to whats going on. not as much of a dumb question as of a dumb person. lol
What if he fails the physical? Would the Lions be screwed?
Thats a big boy! 6'7 is huge.
Okay fuck this. I'm not watching two more commercial breaks just to see the last two picks.
Neither. 
Yessss!!!
He looks like a big, strong boy, a mauler.
If we take Gurley I am done
WOW HE IS MOVING TO A LEGAL STATE TOO BAD HE'S IN THE NFL DRUG PROGRAM FROM DAY 1
No way. Mo is elite. You don't give up on someone of his caliber for an unproven prospect.
I love it, Boys need a DB and got one with good upside potential. 
Its the vernal equinox anyway, you can't do legs today
Shaq to Carolina. Done deal
One man does not an Oline make.
10 eighths?

's jock strap
Injury
Why sit here and speculate about who it is...just tell us what the fucking pick is it has been 3 minutes already.
Basically you guys did too.
So where was Winston, I gather he didn't show up, but there's not even some video of him putting on a Bucs hat? That's kind of fucking lame, I've never seen that happen before.
ha bullshit Winston can't break a tackle like that
Hobnob hobnob hobnob...
With a Defensive minded HC, i wouldn't be suprised.

It's kind of sad and embarrassing 
 damn. I was hoping he would fall to us 
Haha, that's great. 
This is the guy who ran an illegal cat-fighting ring.


EDIT: THIS WAS A JOKE! HE DIDNT DO THIS!
I'm drunk also but modes are just removing everything right now

Nice! That was definitely a smart move. Now redskins get Williams. 
Whatever makes you feel better bruh. 

I wanted him. 
If only they still had Brandon Marshall too......

Well I guess they probably wouldn't have made this pick. But that hypothetical team would've been incredible.
"a player".... You misspelled Irvin. 
Either Gurley or Gordon, you're not to blame with either of them. ;)
Saying you're humble #nothumble
RIP Cam Newton
Gurley to the Rams, count it
Good on you Ray Lewis. 
Remember a couple years ago when they played New York State of Mind on a loop the entire draft?
Well that was a tease.
This is it! What are you going to do Chip!?
I know and I'm torn because I'm a Bears and Giants fan (long story) so I honestly don't know which one I would want to get, since I'm most likely not going to get 2.
Who is Bryan Bennett? Is that Michael Bennett from Ohio St?
I JUST JIZZED!!!!
There's your answer...
Jameis Winston's draft party on espn 8
Why the hell is NFL.com spoiling their own broadcast? 
I'm not. This is a good move.
How'd all these Jets fans figure out how to get to Chicago from New Jersey?
holy shit that defense is going to be disgusting
That they do. But if they can't do it this year it be very surprising. they have the pieces. 
>no exuses anymore

you act like he didn't meet expectations last year
God dammit, Dupree is going to slide right to the Niners, isn't he?
I've always had a gut feeling that this guy would be a bust, glad I have a legitimate reason to root against him now (beyond me simply being right with my prediction)
a few years ago.
Cam needs someone else to throw to besides Benjamin.
THE
deleted
It's not happening
Well some people like Byron Jones, I don't. He's just a workout warrior IMO.
So...7 points?
*it's the ciiirrrrrrrclleeeeeeeeee of liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiife*
I wonder if all the Mariota talk is a smoke screen for Kelley to make some other sort of crazy move.
I'd love if the Texans traded for him...
More like Andrus "Re" Peat this pick in a couple years when he busts. 
They had to put "marioto" in the song?
Raiders pick should take about 2 seconds right
Me too brother. 
He looks so fake.
No worries. Von Miller will take Ray under his wing...an show him the way.
Those gold jerseys look very nice.
And were still 8-6
Damn now the Colts have another burner at receiver
It's okay, next year you'll be first.
It surprises me that Nate Orchard isn't higher rated seeing as he made Peat his bitch in college. 
As long as the other team only has the ball for about 4 minutes per game, Geno will have a lot of time to try his very hardest. 
Fuck the Herd is the answer I believe you're looking for
Two picks I kept seeing over & over again that I didn't think would happen were Waynes to the Vikes & Armstead to the 9ers. Both happened so what do I know.

I'm all about Marcus Peters. He fell b/c of the characters issues but I think he's the best CB in this class & it's not close.
"With the 20th pick of the 2015 NFL draft, the Eagles select.... Marcu- Chip, Mariota has already been selected. You can't pick him."
[Spoiler] Chip Kelly trades himself to Tennessee, picks Mariota? 
Because fuck WR's!
And there it is. I like the Agholor pick, but I was still prepared Jones to be an Eagle tonight. Guess I'm on team workout warrior now.
Every is acting surprised but the predictions threads all had Coop going to Oakland and Raiders fans excited about it. Now it's happened y'all are all freakin out 
All teams that need a QB should

As far as 6th round QB's go he looked great. Especially considering the 'talent' around him

Texans/Jets/Browns/Bills should all see if they can grab him for cheap imo
Oh god, bandwagon family is fucking back. Kill me
Fix your fucking mic asshole
Could be the next AP or Steven Jackson
I would swtich teams in about 1s. My loyalty is to my home town through and through, I only cheer for other teams because they don't have one.
Too early 
My apologies. 

Long day. Read it wrong. 

Deleted.
Rb in the first round. Team chaos!
He's still a damn fine QB, top 5 in the league. 
How painful was it?
That Beasley takes a bunch of plays off in run D.
Can we borrow Zimmer for a training camp or something?
----E ----E ----E

----E ----E ----E

----E ----E ----E
Ladies and Gentleman, 

Ray Rice is the 1% 

Thomas Davis is the 99%
33 comments in 25 seconds. Everybody with that reaction time.
it's worth a shot
Why the hell is Cooper so low?
I hadn't heard him or seen his face before now.
[CALLED IT!](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34gjfz/2015_nfl_draft_espn_thread_no_spoilers/cqug9mx)
Why we need another tackle
You think YOU can't do this?!
whats up with landon collins?
Gruden hasnt met a QB he doesnt like.
Huh, yikes.
YUSSSSS 
AY Corona fam nice to see you

Come on though man you gotta be a Cards fan there's probably dozens of us lol
"OH..." - Boomer
Hey, it's one of the biggest days of your life! Why don't we bring up a HORRIBLE TRAGEDY.
Champ Bailey never lifted weights. 

Can't even pronounce his name right, Commish? SMH

The DGB guy is a fucking retard
It's got to be weird knowing that sometime in the next 10 months or so you are going to get injured. Gotta be a weird feeling.
The main event motherfuckers
Who Cares!? What's happening with the #2 pick!?!?!?
DGB
Luck and Griffin?
Gotta reload page quickly to catch articles mods keep deleting, it's getting kind of annoying.
But that's who I wanted
You are a falcons fan.
Only 1 Titans QB started all 16 games in a season since 2003, god damn that is a crazy stat.
Fuck those guys.
Pick a pass rusher here and trade a 3rd for Irvin....cmon.....
I heard he played basketball. Convert him to tight end PLZ!
Thank god we didn't take a Tight End.
I swear leading up to the draft 9er fans swore that this wouldn't be the pick lol. 
Manny is too big for the zone blocking scheme we plan to implement, right?
Cmon Mariota, PULL AN ELI!!! The city of Tennessee fucking sucks
If this was the NHL or the NBA, the Jets just won the draft lottery... so I'm pretty happy.
Terence Newman back with Mike Zimmer. Can't overlook that. Those are 4 good corners. 
Leonards got some beautiful locks. looks like hes taking the place of Troy.
While I would have preferred a DL/OL pick instead, I'm actually okay with this pickup of a WR. I've never been thrilled with Moncrief. For being apart of a WR corps with a crippled Reggie Wayne, an almost useless Hakeem Nicks, and a handful of other pass catchers, his stats were largely underwhelming his rookie season. Hopefully Dorsett can bring something special to the table and make our herd unstoppable.
Gurley Maybe.
Lions traded No. 23 pick to Broncos for Manny Ramirez, pick No. 28, pick No. 143 (fifth round) and 2016 fifth-round pick.
Te'os GF
And KJax, Rahim Moore and JJoe to cover for you if you make a mistake.
This is hilarious coming from a Tampa Bay fan.
Oh lol I forgot about Shane. 
Gruden's hair doesn't move....
How about no
We're taking Waynes or trading down. Everyone else we needed is gone. 
Jeremy maclin is good
Because it's a matter of situation. If there are two guys on your board who you want to take, and I,w would be better right away, and the second guy wont be as good right away but has a bigger ceiling, you take the second guy if you have a guy that could either be a long term started or be a stop gap while the guy develops. TT most likelyfeels that Casey Hayward is that guy that can be long term or the the stop gap.
Dude put a spoiler on that
There are 3 non spoilers threads.

This is the spoilers one.

I, for one, welcome our psychic Bear overlords.
"The draft is all about the emotion. Suzy, can you manufacture some for us?"
White maybe? I dunno what we do.
Probably because he saw himself in a monitor and realized how fucking stupid he looks in that suit.
wiliams or fowler for the jags?
what's with the booing? Do they do this to goodell all the time?
Kevin White should be the pick here
So we're pretty much taking Perriman here, yeah?
Nah. Parker was one of our most interviewed guys. The team liked him. It's gotta be him
Oh shit they actually sent a player?!! 
Because everybody hates Goodell, this is the least boos I've ever heard in a draft. 
Over before it ever happened.
Jeez. Never change Washington.
Seriously? Kind of anti-climactic after all of the build up. Unless the Titans plan to trade him later if a good deal comes along...
Gruden doing his Sudoku
Traitor
I wanna say bad, but i feel that since this kid is getting labeled as a bust instantly i feel he might end up actually doing good. Also like that we traded down when Parker was taken by Miami.
What the fuck does Chip do now?
[Let it Go, Phil.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a18xWp0cLHg)
Tomlinson is the best in recent memory. 
Raiders everywhere are going crazy.

I like Fowler a lot though.
I could get on board with a full-on WWE heel turn out of Roger Goodell.
Basically you're happy the Colts still don't have a D-Line
http://thenosebleeds.nextimpulsemedia.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/3029e9d02afb705100624e0be8204f2c_large.gif
The fuck do they need more WRs for?
Gregory would be nice for them.
Come on Chip pick a kicker
0 tds

45 FGs
Dunno who's downvoting you, you clearly know more about the cap implications than I do haha. I guess I could go play on Over the Cap and see what's up. I probably will after the draft is over, just to see what other moves we might make.

As for Scandrick, I'm probably the one taking the hardest line on him. I just don't agree with holding out when you have four years left on your contract. You ain't Revis, and you picked safety over a chance at big money. Sorry you're playing well now, but if I'm playing poker, fold, and the last card would have hit my hand, I don't get to say "wait, let me back in, I would have won that money." 

It's not a perfect analogy since his hard work got him here, not luck, but he ultimately placed his bet on safe money rather than on his work ethic and talent, which he clearly does have.
A TRADE!!!!
THANKS.
I thought a WR as well until we took an OT at 13. I just couldn't us see us getting all offense with our first round picks.
Shame it probably won't be televised here in Seattle
Well that sucks for you. 
>knuckle-dragger

>this person who is clearly beneath me.

You've got no right to call the sign insulting, after what you said ;).

Really though, the idea that someone is beneath you in this situation is so insufferable, it's hard to believe you're not just putting me on. Your assumption that the coach is some knuckle-dragging caveman worthy of your contempt makes you feel "INSULTED" that he thinks you see the world as he does? 
At least he can't get in trouble for having pot in his car here.
The mixed reactions in the shot with the 9er fans pretty much summed it up
Schefter tweeted about a rams surprise, I'm excited https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter/status/593943867327643648
I, for one, am enjoying the Gruden-less experience on the NFL Network 
Don't get me wrong I love the Sixers and Hinkie and everything they're doing, but they're currently trash and not in the playoffs so I'm not too interested in the NBA playoffs
I wanted Strong so bad, but I don't think there's any chance we trade up for him now. 
A bit of an over payment but let's see who we get 
His dad looks like a midget
[Time to find out the next wanted man...](http://www.steelers.com/video-and-audio/videos/Renegade-Joe-Greene-Edition/48fb15ce-5f73-4390-bd56-af234d847c8e)
Drew Bledsoe was drafted #1 overall, in case anyone else was wondering.
Probably to the tailor.

Ain't gonna find that suit on the rack.
As soon as you guys were on the clock my gut feeling changed and I knew you guys were getting Fowler. As soon as I get near a computer I'll get you gold
meh, he's really young. 
It was a nice try, man.
Do they even serve food at the Draft?
8 kids...holy shit
Can confirm. Rodgers is the only King in the North
I counter you're Laken Tomlinson with my Russel Wilson
Uhhh, I don't particularly buy into him as much as others seem to have. They can keep him.

One Texas Hammer please.
Breaking Bills?
Last year the Rams took Donald, This year the Jets take Williams.

FUCK!
4th string actually
"That guy that isn't Marcus Mariota"
Congratulations Raiders fans. Don't fuck this up now.
I agree with your Cam assessment 100% he is not an elite QB makes too many stupid decisions 
If this is Dupree I'm gonna kill someone.
Jesus, 6-7, 298. That's a large man.
He didn't contribute because you had Mason...
Surprising.

Didn't Ware want to play for 2-3 more years?
The Mariota talk is over so A++
q: "Who have you met with so far?"

a: "A person."

WTF?
You sir, are a good man. Thank you.


Browns, why no WR...
Fowler will be great. You'll be happy in a couple years.
Malcolm Brown
Sigh... ESPN spoiled this pick. When they were showing Kevin White in the green room, you could see Leonard Williams on the phone.
who is worse at drafting: The Jets or Browns?
Torn ACL huh. Welcome to the Rams.
Byron is my new bro! 
Just not a safety....
[I got you](https://gfycat.com/GrouchyDisloyalBlackfly)

Edit: You edited demanding the hard hat after initially just wanting a confused/sad/shocked Niners fan. I feel betrayed.
Oh man Tebow the only heisman QB with a winning record starting in the NFL
you dont want to hear about goodell crossing the street??
We're just trying to draft people named Malcom now, hoping for more miracles. 
omg I had to look the score I up I thought 100% you were lying lol 
/r/eagles is still stroking:

"What if Mariota refuses to play for the Titans?"

"Once he fails in Tenn, Chip can trade a late round pick for him"

"Anyone else think he looked pretty disappointed?"

That sub hates the Titans now for drafting the best available player. I have never seen a sub so butt-hurt over one player, we must of done something right
Jags gotta be going Leonard Williams if their pick was that fast.
Chip hasn't woken up from his nap yet.
signed a deal with then yesterday or the day before.
I like him.
Winston isn't everything, it's the only thing!
Bold. I'd predict that they send Ray to surgery over him winning ROY
..Tennessee is a state
1 pick and Landon Collins is ours. DON'T FUCK THIS UP, LIONS. 
This is 2008 Lions level of dumpster fire. I mean, I see us cleaning house mid season. I'm so sad. I hate football right now
Nothing about Flacco's expression there should tell anyone those gummy bears are trustworthy.
Oh yeah, well we just got a fourth receiver. Who's going to cover him?

Checkmate. 
HOLY SHIT 
Byron was already drafted...
Oakland. . .where WR's go to die.
Gruden is going to choke Kiper to death by the end of the night.
Yo his dad looks exactly like him.
Mine is that Shane Carden (QB from ECU) will be the most successful QB from this draft class.
Fucked
Parker to SF PLEASE!
Quick pick
The Patriots apparently are taking Malcolm Brown, DT
I was promised a trade.
I think that's supposed to be Andre Johnson's job
FUCK I WANTED COOPER FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKK
It's not just that. He was way too public about locker room stuff. 
Seems 10 picks too early tbh
I don't know :(
of course
Like the fuckin FAMAS in Black Ops. 
Seems like we just like trading up for no reason, jesus christ
"workout warrior"

Trestman would have been pleased.
I have him as my #2 OL behind Humphries, but yeah I think it's a good pick.
Dun dun dunnnnn...
Now with several holes in the line! 

REST IN PEACE PEYTON
Thanks!
St Louis, you're dead to me.
Chris Canty though
Let's go!
drafting OL always seem so anti-climatic
If I was Mettenberger I would be patiently waiting for Mariota's athleticism to catch up to him. Rookie athletic quarterbacks love scrambling out of pocket when things get hairy. 
Where does Sheard fit in? Rotation with Jones/Ninkovich?
Anyone who wanted to trade would likely have gotten in touch with them long before they were put on the clock... 
I agree with you. If you look at my other comments you'll see I have touted versatility. Good points. 
I'll take one Byron please
BPA all the way.
I wouldn't be so sure, Texans fan here, we drafted sam Montgomery with a 3rd pick, and he got cut his first year. 
Dante Fowler Jr. is already marketing

>@TideNFL(Tide Detergent) So excited I will be #Jaguars Black & Gold! #OurColors are more than colors! #Spon pic.twitter.com/E3UnVxw0wh

I reckon that's a solid pick by the Eagles. Good returner and seems like a good fit for the Eagles offence.
Kevin White, Alshon Jeffery, Eddie Royal

Not a bad 3 set.
Dude he's like 40

Edit: Oh, okay
Cool. 

Was at work today and don't get ESPN in Canada so reddit is my draft guide. 
Cold blooded
Raiders are gonna be dumb calling it 

yeah. wtf. That was always the huge issue with the Manning teams outside of Super Bowl year. Run defense was awful on a ton of those teams just like now for Colts. 
Can't score fifty when the other team runs it down your throat and holds the ball all game...
Used to live in Chicago, and I like the Pack/WI too much to hate. I directed all of it towards the Lions, and MI in general.. 
srs
Why do you want a fucking trade so bad?
You're not concerned about the rb spot? 
The Raiders draft receivers every year and we get shit for them. We need O Linemen.
Waynes reminds me of Asante Samuel
They said after jags pick it was gonna be commercial free
Says the guy with OBJesus as his name
People think the coaches actually give them a chance to compete but most already have their mind made up. I also don't like the people shitting on Mettenberger for wanting a trade. The team specifically to Mett he was their guy and when Mariota was drafted that has got to feel shitty, so you would want to actually go somewhere where you can compete because there isn't a snowballs chance in hell the Titans wasted that pick NOT to start Mariota. 
I think it's a longer wait after the pick is in holy shit. 
Oh dear god
Then followed it up by saying he's really confident, and that he's ready to do big things, and he hopes to be a star. 

I don't think he thinks humble means what it actually means
Tough call, but these teams were throwing picks at you for trade. Better to be smart than popular.
More picks equals more hope
http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34haa2/the_1st_round_of_the_2015_nfl_draft_is_overhow/cqup0wv

Like I said originally, plenty of people saying dumb shit, but the entire sub isn't shitting on your team. That's just not true.
She had to bring up his dead brother?
Bringing Lilja back. 
It's a pretty deep WR class tbh, so we can snag a good guy in the later rounds. Personally I really want Lockett
for the (goodnatured?) exchange we've had I extend a handshake. Since you don't want Long, we'll take him off your hands next year.
Williams and Wilkerson. Jesus Christ 
Traded down to 28. Got 3 5th rounders for it.
That make no sense at all.
http://i.imgur.com/qMKd4.gif
Lots of OLineman in the first round. More than I expected.
Obviously no one went to Williams birthday party
Thank you Mike Sherman!
I was in the Chiefs tent at draft town when the pick was announced and the whole place went batshit. We loved the pick.
I will be SO happy if Fowler goes to the Jags. Please oh please. 
Clips for sure
That's gonna be awkward if Mariota gets traded tonight.
Cam Erving to the Browns according to Jeff Howe([NE](/r/patriots) Beat Writer)
Lol awkward pan on Gruden followed by awesome boos. Amazing start!
these commercials are fucking ridiculous 
Bengals take a tackle maybe. And the Pitt decides between Brown or Dupree or Jones
Here's a guy...
They make one for every player there for every team
Credit to sbnation. I definitely went back to look at him again after I read that. 
People seem to forget our RBs last season were a 3rd rounder, a 5th rounder, and a UDFA. For the first time since Steven Jackson we have a real RB
I like you. Your team makes the offseason interesting. 
I was convinced they would trade back
Agholor?? Whoa....
epitome

tear

soul
C'mon Chip...
The 5 S's?
Two Beasts on rookie deals at same position I dunno there's a lot you could do with all three of them I guess it's a way of asset maximization. 
Hey at least you guys got Leonard Williams! Our division gonna be fierce this year
Damnit, does nobody remember how the Brady was unleashed in the first place? **We have to kill Brady AND the Garropolo.
Well he looks unamused 
Many mocks had Houston going with a running back, so I'm assuming there was at least a chance of it.
His helmet is the TARDIS
Goodell is like that awkward dad that wants to be cool, but isn't.
YEAH. THat's why
Good pick! Watching this kid is amazing!
Not only that but the picks have been super safe and predictable.
Wait. You don't want Gurley?
They're empowered by our sloppy seconds
First trade of this draft took a while 
**Eagles will pick Nelson Agholor**
Do I want ESPN or NFLN?
Yeah, awk.
Oh my god nobody has made this joke yet!!!
Eagles might go Byron Jones? Fuck, Chip is so crazy he might draft a QB two rounds early
How about you trade us Williams instead?
Much needed help for the Saints D
Browns wasting no time I see
Are you furious?
You really wanted to be the first person to post it.
I'm hoping McFadden can turn it around for himself too. Maybe he can become a productive veteran. 

I forgot about you all having Helu. He could bring some nice screens and draws to the offense. 
Having the number one pick isn't typically a source of pride/smacktalk
Umm Calais Campbell is 6'8"
The same reason why people aren't overreacting to Mariota's 2 INTs. I guess teams think each QB's performances were all about the kind of system they were in.

We saw Foles run a similar system as Mariota/Oregon in the NFL and finish with only 2 INTs one season, but the next season his INT count was much higher. Teams know that if they run a spread system similar to what Mariota was in, they probably aren't going to see his insane TD-INT ratio because NFL defenses have rapidly evolved.

Now take a look at Winston. Teams know what to expect from him because he was in a true pro system, and he finished with 25 TDs to 18 INTs. Which means teams are probably expecting roughly the same kind of performance in his rookie NFL season. If he does have 25-18 again, that would put him in a very similar range as the rookie seasons of Luck, Wilson, and Dalton - all three of which led their teams to playoff appearances.
Well time to start recording buddy
premade names that are ironed on blank jerseys
So sick of hearing about a qbs running in college, virtually any qb can run in college, the defenses suck.8
Domo arigato Mr Mariato.
Them boos
Welcome to Minny Trae!!!
Trade out of it.
Bears fans disappoint the Jets legacy with that soft booing
Over on ESPN they are probably like

Hey this guy has the best hair in the NFL now that Troy Polamalu has retired, what do you think Stephen? Will Danny Shelton be successful in the National Football League? We broke down a list of famous hairdos among NFL players, and if you look at it, Danny Shelton stands a good chance to be a 9 time Pro Bowler
It remains unchanged 
Your poor Bucs. Thought it was s chance to turn it around. Alas....
MY BODY IS READY
Good lookin dude 
Lol no man! On the TV!
For real??
wait dorsett? lol...he t.y.'s clone...
The next team can pick. You can turn in your card any time after as long as your pick is still available.
Very uneventful draft so far. I'm hoping for some Eli Manning type shenanigans with the Eagles and Mariota just to see Reddit explode for the rest of the offseason.
You have a Luke to our Bobby, Cam to our Russ, Shaq to our Kam, and a terrible OL to our terrible OL.
Hopefully they are, I have to support him and hope he fulfills his potential.
On purpose 
Two thousand and the thirteen - Jon Gruden
I am a chargers fan, who you guys think they draft?
Man I picked the wrong day to stop shooting smack!
Why would it have anything to do with Brady Quinn?
Please no. Beasley or trade down
After Pats getting Brown, this is the best value pick of the draft. He looked so god damn happy to be going to you guys. Enjoy him!
I don't agree with the pick but it wasn't necessarily a bad one. Andre or TY might be gone after this year and Dorset could have been highest on grigsons player available rankings. Grigs has done well in finding talent in the later rounds, so we will see how this plays out 
I don't believe for a second that he has done anything wrong. BRPD doesn't even want to question him until next week. This kid has been nothing but a fine upstanding member of the LSU football team and Baton Rouge as a whole. Someone will get a steal of a player and lock up a tackle for the next several years.
That's honestly what I thought of when I saw he went to Houston. I picture him down there [like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmOCGM-QLq8) all the time now, and it makes it feel better.
lol @ Goodell giving an interview right now
[Adrian didnt get traded and we got Waynes.](http://img.pandawhale.com/54838-Waynes-World-Excellent-gif-1Hbv.gif)
They were still the best in the Big 10, IMO.
Were any of us *really* ever on it?
Damn, those are some ugly drops.
I WANT A FUCKING TRADE
Really thought CHI would go defense. 
I generally avoided this subreddit through the offseason. Why were all the niners fans against this? Why is he a bad pick? Dline is definitely a need right now
I still think you got the best pure pass rusher in the draft.
I'd argue he's the most talked about.
Everybody move along now
True. I'm a Jets/Bears fan and not a fan of those picks at all
Commercial Money
I think he'd be happy with either that one or the one he's got right now. I feel bad for both our offenses...
Boooo....

Useless complaint thread.

Send a modmail or post it as a comment instead of cluttering up /r/nfl/new

This is pointless crap. 
Can't really blame him or Mett
Peat I'm guessing
The core tennent of the Chiefs code.
They clearly thought this through
Considering we manage to have a player get in pot trouble every year, i don't know if Gregory is the right choice; which hurts to say as a Huskers fan.
Lmao almost everyone mocked it. Baalke is losing his surprise picks.
WHY DO THEY TAKE SO LONG TO ANNOUNCE THE PICKS
Leis. 
Goodell did a good job to deflect the boos. He had a compliment about Chicago every other sentence so they felt torn about booing because then it would be booing Chicago. Solid booes nevertheless.
As commissioner of the NFL, I, Roger Godd-

**BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO***
the other*, there was one, now there is two. 
I love Gurley, but seems high for a RB. Also anyone else hear Gruden say the Rams haven't had a franchise back "since Dickerson...or Jerome Bettis." Umm Marshall Faulk? EDIT: Steven Jackson too! I love Gruden, but if he really said that I have no clue what he was talking about.
Only 14 more passes bruv
Rather White, because no matter how good he is, he's gonna have Geno getting him the ball....
I'm laughing so hard still. 
This pick is to protect RG3 when he's punting.
We all appreciate it
IT'S BROWNS TIME
*Now we've got the big playoff teams*

Now we've got a 7-9 team with no QB
No they're not. Everyone else is because that's what everyone does. Wilkerson isn't going anywhere. Williams is going to be used all over the line. We have 3 great DL and a human wall in Harrison who comes in on rushing downs. 
More. Two AND A HALF marijuanas 
Thanks haha, you too!
UNFUCKINGREAL

Just shut up and watch:
https://youtu.be/HZJUz7mDbbw

And bench press might not be the end-all be-all but it certainly means something. I'm no Atlanta fan, but they picked the right guy here. Who doesn't have weaknesses in their game even at this level? Saying he's a one-trick pony is just being theatrical.
upvoted, bro

MALCOLM BROWN (DT ) PLEASE!
we can only hope buddy
Marioti marioti give me the formuloni
He has stated that offer was never made
Oh...Okay
the NFL draft, now with unlimited commercial interruption
3spooky5me
Very anti-climactic.
goodell fucks up mariota's name but can say ogbuehi?
Is this like the least hyped draft in a long time?


After waiting what happens with the 2nd pick(nothing happened), everything else is yawn material.
Bucs on the clock! Let's do this!
I'M SO DAMN HAPPY
Insanity? Team with zero quality guards picks the best guard prospect in the draft, and that's insane to you?
Wow, Thomas Davis has to go on-stage and announce his replacement? That's fucking cold, Panthers FO.
The wrongjohnson I know is Andre for going to the wrong team.
They make a lot of money... I'm sure they have a guy that can make a ball go through a hoop on a computer
ITT: See?
Beyond thrilled! Favorite player in the draft... Would have been thrilled with Leo, but man, them breaks tho! The dude is gonna get open and Carr is gonna find him.


Phins probably take parker, right?
"Marcus Marioto" - wtf?
The Chip Kelly way.
I really love how he's getting hardcore boo'd but as soon as he starts talking everyone stops immediately lol.
BUSTTTTTTTTT
The Jets are about to pass on a DE that they have plenty of strength at, and Chicago's about to get Williams for fucking free.

Edit: I have never been more happy to be wrong. Eat a dick Bears! RIP Tom Brady!
Yes! Great pick!
FUCK ME AGAIN! DON'T PICK PERRIMAN!
IND is going Air Raid next season
Patriots have to go Brown here. Or trade down...

Suzy is getting shit on on twitter. Thank god
Who's this guy?
I bet you feel dumb now
At least we still have a team
go to their sub or the draft pick thread and find out
Btw, your head coach used to be the head coach at Wake.
CHARGERS SELECT ALEX FLANNIGAN FROM SAN DIEGO
Now the Bears just need a QB to throw to Jeffery and White
No, I'm suggesting that the first 15 picks are much more important.
Shelton played great for us this year and he obviously has great size. I think he'll make an impact in the league for a while.
I won't.
Mariotto? K.
hahah not a good pick for what they need
Not surprised
It's a good day if I get someone to listen to Curtis Mayfield.
Interesting...
Damn it. Well, at least we get White
Noooo. Stop touching our CBs!
Best part of that pick was that Saints fan being pretty much like "Yeah, sure."
Does Erin Henderson get more playing time now? Of our linebackers he is probably the best in coverage. Even with Revis/Cro/Skrine/Milliner we still don't have good coverage safeties. It's a 4-2-5 but Pryor is essentially an OLB in that formation. 
Stop trying to make Perrimen happen.
FUCK. ME.
Almost anything else on D
How about we don't give up picks.
Goodell pronounced "Oregon" incorrectly. Asshole.
GOD PLEASE CAMERON ERVING Dont care if he's a reach.
The other shoe?!
I thought there wuld be more trades
6 OL in the first round! What's the record? 
Tomlinsen. Peterson. Charles. Wait...
congrats on being way off!
I believe it is throw at, it never gets to them.
Tell me about your dead brother Danny. What the fuck Suzie?
Not bad Chip. 
I didn't quite expect the Redskins to go with Sherff, but that was one spot. Everyone else's picks seemed to make sense.
What. A. Suit
Arizona is tough. Seattle is tough. San Francisco is...changing.
Cool, I fell behind on the Pac-12 last season
Agholor sounds like an alien overlord name. Great Agholor will score may touchdowns before he returns to home planet
 
Got fucked by big blue horse cock
Of course you like it, the Jets can get Williams now
230 for an NFL OLB ain't gonna cut it Vic. Gonna need to get on that GOMAD
He better play Qb cause ours will soon be dead
Ravens: "We're all good at WR"

Takes Perriman
god no.
Scary insult, bro.
cooooooop! roll tide!
I wouldn't like it if I were you. You were fine at RB last year imo and there's so much depth at the position this year. Definitely bigger needs.
Whose gonna be on the Dline...?
LOL shelton
> This sub has gone downhill from 8 years ago

> redditor for 4 months

'k

Yeah what the fuck. Typically 2-3 trades have already killed mocks.
Gotta milk dat time
Ironing the name on the jersey
Look, he's wearing the earbuds! We should buy those!
Oh dear. :(
And pass up the opportunity to draft someone super athletic at a position the raiders don't need?

lol
I got you, don't worry. Btw I like your pick a lot.
Woah!!!
Yes! So happy!!!
NE pick has been in for 45 minutes.
Holy Shit! 
We've got Eagles, Patriots, Bears, and Steelers on my dad's side, and Washington and Cowboys on my moms.

I was getting a lot of ads for Patriots stuff after Christmas thanks to the gifts I got for my step-mother. Never again. 
Right... This rookie is maclin and Jackson combined and he lasted this long?
We're running a 4-3 now. We don't need a double team nose tackle guy. We need a guy who can also get to the QB.
the defense Rex always wanted...
I'm well aware of *tu quoque*. I've had enough Latin (and Greek, but that's beside the point). That's not what this is about.

An example of the *tu quoque* fallacy is "Dad, you smoke cigarettes, therefore I should be allowed to smoke cigarettes".

My not being motivated by a knuckle dragger's public shaming isn't *tu quoque*; rather, it's such childish things don't motivate me and I find it to be extremely insulting that this person who is clearly beneath me thinks I see the world as he does.
So can he smoke weed in CO since its legal there 
Damn I forgot about Shane Ray
Bic Veasley
Calling it
NE: Malcolm Brown
...wat
NFC East trying to avoid our Cox at all cost. See what you missed out on Titans!?
Not Erving, Hurray!
This guy wants to paint himself as the next Samkon Gado. Wasn't there a FSU guy who got docked by a lot of teams for being too smart and having ambitions outside of football?
I hope not :(
PATRIOTS
Right? He just got the job, then his team drafts the best RB prospect since AD. 
Would the black jersey look ok with gold pants? Hard to see it. The all black just looks..... Wonky 
Maybe he forgot that the draft was today
GOD NO
haahaha same
Bears fans are having flashbacks to just missing out on Aaron Donald. Kinda surprised by the Williams picks to the Jets tho.
Yes! Some help in pass D.

I would've liked pass rush too.

But Brady might not.
2nd or 3rd round, go D this round
I can't even handle 6 beers!


Being a lightweight is awesome
Circlejerking over Niners hatred is a lot easier than reasoned discussion about why this is a good or bad pick. 
And the Jets just took a monster...
I don't remember which draft 'expert' said that but their has been rumors floating for months about how much the Giants liked Flowers.
You know how a franchise tag works, right?
More like rikishi
Lee Sin quick kick
The Redskins did this just to spite us
He knew..
I know he had a couple solid seasons, I just didn't remember his run at QB being long enough to be that high on the list.
I think SD is moving up to grab Gordon. 
I envision some good games between our teams this year and for years to come. I was fearful of Bridgewater going to y'all more than Manziel or Bortles and it looks like I was right to be fearful.
You will hear this dozens of times per week for the rest of the time he plays for your team, no need to be snappy at this guy. You will need to get used to that.
I'm surprised they couldn't get a trade done. 
For real tho, it feels like Jansen has been our LS for forever. Love that guy.
And somehow the Oilers end up with Mariota.
Somebody trade something!

Somebody make a splash!

Somebody draft a kicker!

Somebody do something!
COME ON MAN I JUST WANNA KNOW WHO THE PACKERS PICK
Good call! 
Yeah, I'm actually really disappointed.
The 3 sigma is alluding to being 3 standard deviations from the norm. See below. 

http://www.bloggingtheboys.com/2015/4/24/8484867/cowboys-2015-draft-targets-uconn-cb-byron-jones
I'm estatic! We strengthened the interior of our line immensely and got 4 picks for moving back 5 spots. I've never had a GM before where I could say "In blank I trust." But I can honestly say in In Mayhew I trust! Great first round. 
Florida kid all his life...now in Jax
Smart. Help your young QB out. Sucks to pass on Williams but that's the top of the draft for you. 
Sorry, dude. You're wrong here. Kevin White might be good. This guy is almost certain to be good.
Ahh. Thanks. Just seemed out of the blue like the gurley pick.
That's like the ultimate insult guys
Jets are about to start off the year with a delay of game penalty.
Shit, not much to write home about with Washington football but this guy's a legit beast 
U-G-ag?
I suspect we start to see trades now.
We dont really need Leo.. White? trade down for more picks?
Well somebody obviously doesn't like the Gators.
Jets definitely tried to trade 
OUR BODIES ARE READY CHIP
Billick got good results as OC in Minnesota, but in Baltimore he was the head coach, so I am referring mostly to the combined efforts of Matt Cavanaugh and Jim Fassel. Billick eventually called the plays briefly in 06 after firing Fassel, then promoted Rick Neuheisel for one year until he was sacked and the whole staff dismissed.
I thought the Jets had all their defensive line positions filled in with good players, wouldn't they fill a better need?
^Pretty ^please?
already happened. Scherff with williams on the board by the redskins was nuts.
WE GONNA DO IT

EDIT: WE DID IT.
Oh boy Cleveland is on the clock. And made a quick pick. This could be good.
Jim Wyatt and Paul Kuharsky both spilled the beans on twitter
Just like his predecessors Riley Reiff and Bryan Bulaga.
I hate mel kiper. Does he like any picks?
I'm extremely pleased with this pick. 
I have to go apologize to my friend Cedric 
Jim Ross: BAH GAWD, THIS MAN'S DESPICABLE

Goddell: I, Roger Godde-

**BOOOOOOOOO**

Goddell: Do not care for what any of you have to say! I am the commissioner and I challenge *anyone* to confront me about i-

*Paul Tagliabue walks in with classic NFL music*

Jim Ross: HE'S HERE, HE'S HERE AND HE'S ABOUT TO OPEN UP A CAN OF WHOOPASS

...I fantasize too much
Luck is kill
You're a towel
Nooooooooooooooooo
fuck that would have been sweet. the amount of talent on our offense........
Calvin Tate. Jordy Cobb. Jeffery White. 

Yeah, CB sounds good. 
I like that pick.
I said we would.
It's tradition to boo the commissioner every time he appears 
Well, you all should be set at Safety for the next ten years or so, so thats always good.
SELF SCROTE
What I'm using. http://firstrowusa.eu/football/first-2015-nfl-draft-kickoff-row5aa5b8

Use an ad blocker
Rams management trying to get the fans to hate them so it makes the move to LA easier? Anyone?
Mettenberger. Fuck Mariota
Trade details:
>Lions traded No. 23 pick to Broncos for Manny Ramirez, pick No. 28, pick No. 143 (fifth round) and 2016 fifth-round pick.

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA LOLOLOLO DANK DANK DANK DANK
Seriously, step up your game chicago
GODDAMN IT
Right? Pretty happy so far. So far a number of solid picks still available for us. 
Really? Gave up a 4th and 5th just to draft a fuckin running back in the first. 
Yes, because nobody else has ever taken an Offensive Lineman in the first round.
https://vine.co/v/e7v5J1AXI7E

powerful hug
A team that had one player kicked off each month. Sounds like a coach trying to make an example, he was the most high profile player to get kicked off. 
no one told him to never go full gruden
Lol @ that Bo Jackson pick.
Unless you go before us. I. Pretty sure Dallas gets him
They better get some DBs tomorrow. 

The last DB they drafted was last year in the fifth round and he isn't on the team anymore.
aw shit..... that's too cool. fuck.
Eugene Wilson was okay!
Be nice man, he just learned how to read last week.
And ESPN having a circlejerk hyping the fuck out of rhe game. 
The real reason they picked him
And Carr just blew his load. 
Odrick is going to be playing the 5T where Alualu and Red Bryant played this year. The interior is Marks and Miller, and now Fowler on the outside at the LEO spot. 
Is Williams gonna make it to the Bears?
He also looks like his uncle is Jay Leno
Dont post those tweets in here though. Spoielrs
Great pick imo. Sad he didnt drop to us, but a good pick nonetheless 
"Marcus Mariato"

Jesus Roger
I'm seeing tweets saying he was the last 1st round talent left on their board and they wanted to make sure they got him 
I'm just a fan and I think Kiper is annoying as fuck 
We could've traded down for a fortune. Or just taken Beasley if we really wanted to go front 7
I'm kind of wondering if the offer was legit.
Da Bears, my NFC and no. 2 team! Hoping the best for y'all. 
I got plans to repeat 7th grade english.
He also has a chance to reap great rewards and many 5, 6, and 7th round also never do anything more then play on practice squads. 

Not to mention he will be free if he is guilty and very cheap for his talent if he is inoccent. While those late draft picks you have to pay no matter how they turn out.
Which was previously very easy
"Fuck it, I'll get booed either way."
Parker #1
Stills #2
Landry in the Slot

Jennings would rotate in for any of them or in 4 WR sets. 

Jennings is an old Veteran here to teach the young guys, not to lead the team 
Wow, he won the night.

That hug and that outfit. Great start of NFL carrer.
Didn't think there would be a chance Williams would be there at 6.
I thought they said no more commercials?

Why can't they just do tons of product placement? Every first rounder gets a Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki Footlong and a Mountain Dew Kickstart while Gruden names his Slim Jim Slam Dunk Picks.
I can feel it
Maximum cheesin
Ou all LIED to me! They picked Agholor
This is a big deal in Canada, therefore the rest of the world.
It'll be interesting. 
*shrugs* 
***TWO MINUTE WARNING***
*Commissioner 
Riddick is an idiot
Got a 4th and 5th as well though. Baalke is weird, don't count him out yet. 
Ray over Gregory or Brown? Oh my...
Real nice value
There was no need for the edit. If someone believes this they deserve it. 
New York pizza is only pizza. Get your casserole shit out of here
I can't say I'm shocked SD took Gordon and Denver took Ray. 
Yeah, Gurley/Mason could be an awesome duo if they've got decent blocking in front
Forget Aliens, we drafted the predator baby!
Well that makes it funnier cause he quite literally doesn't believe in birth control (Catholic/Conservative/Rick Santorum endorser). 
Lol. Ryan Leaf
Hilarious that redditors think it's *cool* to shit on these. I think they're badass.
Wow, a lot of mocks were actually true.
#GREAT PICK.
I really wanted Mariota, but I will happily take Agholor.
Fair enough. I wanted Erving, but anything on the oline will make me happy. 
Well he's not going to need a license now anyway, who drives in New York? He can take an UBER black car now. 
Cedric Oogaboogabooga?
You're their rivals what did you want them to do? Send you a box of chocolates and some flowers?
This guy needs a Ray Bans sponsorship. I'd love to see him with an aviator style visor 
Yeah no doubt, I just found the redundancy funny is all.
I love the fact that Roger Goodell may be one of the most hated men in America. 
Colts passing on Brown to take WR. 
I thought the comment from Occams was good, but this... this.. was better. 

Edit: Occams have an upvote for effort
"Roger, honey, they always boo you. Please don't get your hopes up again."

"It'll be different this year, dear. This is the year they welcome me with open arms!"
What'd they get?

Edit: got it guys, thanks. 
Someone trade already, fuck.
I wonder when this stops though. In ten years are we going to be say, "Jeez, when I was 30 years old I sure didn't know shit." At some point you need to learn to take responsibility for yourself.
God damnit
Lulz. We're cool. I dunno about the kittens and birdies though 
with kendricks on the board 
For moving up two spots too. I think SD panicked. 
sorry man, i was just kidding. i wouldn't wish that dumpster fire on anyone
Lol who needs a secondary. 
My wish is Williams at 5
Shit, Humphries might not be there at 25....
Whats wrong with that? Racist
I may or may not have just peed into a large powerade bottle. No ragrets
O_o
Sorry I just notice many guys don't seem thrilled about the pick made for them but he did. The excitement is so obvious In some. It's not as visible with others.
I have waited a long time to see my boys saved from "crazy old man Jerruh". The future looks good.
pshhhhh had to delete that, what a fuck up
Oh Tharold Simon 
Keep it going. You guys beat us so you gotta carry that torch all the way. Plus I had the Rangers winning the cup in my bracket. 
Melvin seems genuinely happy to be there. I'd kill for that. 
GOD DAMN IT RAMS, WHYYYYYYYYYYY
INB4 LONGSNAPPER
The AFC East also gets to play the Texans this year. So we'll all have to go up against the terror that is our own division as well as the combined front of Clowney/Vince/Watt. :(
Holy fuck, Shelton!
??? Last WR on the roster, only around because he's a good special teamer?!? Come on, I mean we all love him, but he's like our Rudy or something.
Anything for our [GloG](http://www.reddit.com/r/goodleagueofgood) brothers...
Thanks, unlike some of my brethren, I'm excited.
I get a feeling that Gruden just absolutely hates sitting next to Kiper
OBOOOOOOOOOOAHYYYYYEEEEEE
Or Malcolm Brown. Holy shit
Nothing wrong with it
Chicago doing the NFL proud. Not at NY levels, but an acceptable level of booing. Take a bow Chicago. 
Most drafted pick ever
I have never heard anyone pronounce it like that in the PNW. it's ore- gin or ore-gun
Well, this is the ESPN thread, so...
no trade for #1.
https://twitter.com/RapSheet/status/593930438055309312
Eh, I'm ok with trading back.
he's significantly faster with a lower drop % than Torrey
This is the ESPN thread. There is a separate thread for NFLN draft coverage
Titans are on the Clock!!!!
me too
Cooper's going to be a very good WR as long as he stays healthy. So I don't think he's a bad pick. I don't think he has the ceiling to be among the best WRs in the league though and that's usually what you would expect at #4. 
But enough about Rex...
We'll trade you Tyson Clabo for Stacy straight up.
HEY! I KNOW YOU ARE HAPPY ABOUT GETTING DRAFTED, BUT TELL ME, HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT LOSING YOUR BROTHER FOUR YEARS AGO?!?!?!


Jesus Christ that shit was cringe-worthy. 
How many 49er fans said that this wasnt a Baalke pick and no one could predict Baalke?
Wait why? Where was he meant to go?
Wow. I honestly thought Met was their guy.
I dont get this- They trade away Marshall just to draft a WR top 6.
Damn it. I wanted the Eagles to blow up their whole team.
He looked like a pouty little kid during that interview
Why did they play a clip of a Redskin stripping Foles right after Fowler got picked?
You should play tennis. 
http://cdn2.sbnation.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/3501443/gyi0062709206.0_standard_352.0.jpg 

mfw
BAALKE, BYRON JONES/MARCUS PETERS I BEG YOU
It's ok. They're just jealous!
Off topic.

What race is Mariota? Italian? He's not that light
After the trade deadline and before the next season starts we may get a break.
His mom is crying because he's going to Cleveland, his career is over
Who needs to snap the ball? That's so last season.
I think if they're going to trade, it'll have to be soon. Showing that you don't want a qb that late would net you nothing. They might actually have to wait until the next draft.
Agholor? I mean it's not a bad pick at all, just kind of weird.
Me love you goodell 
Me make you proud 
damn i wanted leonard or amari cooper...

there 1st 4th and i think a 5th
edit 5th is next year
Right side of the line has just become so important. Browns have the best left side in football on the offensive line but people will take advantage of John Greco and Mitchell Schwartz on the other side.

I'll never be too mad about picking a good lineman. Just please draft a receiver over 6'0 at some point. Any receiver. 
Don't really care
I'm not sure Elway has room for luxury picks with Fivehead's impending retirement.
I can finally get a Lions Tomlinson jersey without looking like a moron!
Which is why they let it slide to the second round? I don't know, but ITWT
As a Mizzou student, that's exactly how I feel
I would be okay with this.
They also have to wait for the people backstage to sew the names on the jersey. Only takes a couple minutes, but still.
I've permanently left my heart open for Jane Seymour, ESPN. Who cares about age difference? It's all good in the neighborhood.

EDIT:

44 years difference
Booooooooooooooo!
It's the right pick. Even though Williams would be sexy there
But it sounds like she doesn't have a choice.
Either that's complete BS or that trade is still to come. No way tennesse can turn that down. 
Goodell doesn't remember how to talk
http://i.imgur.com/7Ie79En.gif
[http://media1.giphy.com/media/zsg9Adj13Dh2E/giphy.gif](http://media1.giphy.com/media/zsg9Adj13Dh2E/giphy.gif)
I wonder if the Raiders are expecting Gregory or Ray to fall out of the first round
Honestly, Mariota needs to sit, and Mett has to prove he can stay healthy. It's a good pick and will bring in Oregon fans to watch the Tits as well.
Waynes -v- White?
Millions of dollars and a chance to play pro ball. Yeah, rough. 
and no more speculation, hes off the board!!
[ARE YOOOOOUUUU READY FOR THE DRAFT, SPONGEBOB? I'M REEEADY FOR THE DRAFT, PATRICK](http://images6.fanpop.com/image/photos/35500000/Im-ready-to-party-are-you-ready-to-party-spongebob-squarepants-35501072-468-361.png)
No, it's just a reference to what happens when players go to Oakland.
Please treat him well... *please.*
Wow skins going rogue. Scherff should be a very good lineman though.
I'M SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW
I dig that trade.
Appreciate it.
I'm OK with it. :)
The jets don't need any more defense. .. when will they draft something for Their QBs? Lol he's great and he'll be great on the jets but think about the abuse nyc media gives players.. if he makes one fuckup they'll be on him 
Pick is in. Is it something that is apart of Kelly's wild ride or a sane, boring pick like most of this draft?
I'm happy with the options left to Cincy 
Its not over yet
It was our super bowl. 
How do i never expect this?
Agreed 100%
There must be a clause in his contract about it
...plz no.
"NO ONE COULD STOP THIS KID, EXCEPT HIS ACL INJURY" - Chris Berman mid-stroke 
You guys wouldn't mind trading again right?
Not sure if typo. ....
Finish season 11-5
Now if Winston can run the gauntlet of cops without getting shot and make it to camp...
I would be so happy
Did the trade really change anything?
Well then he's no friend of mine.
dont fuck this up ray, don't you fuck this up
I think Chip forgot to set an alarm to wake him up from his nap.
Nice. Surprised he was still there. 
I'm a pretty big Filipino myself so I get mistaken for a Samoan a lot. they're seriously some of the nicest and most fun group of people to hang out with 
Trade him to KC so Aaron Murray can beat him out one last time. 
LEONARD WILLIAMS PLEASE
**W**
Coming after Peyton early it seems.
I am anxiously waiting the moment for when I yell at the Dolphins for their stupidity 
Shane Ray at 23.
UCONNNN!!!
browns
Well at least you don't have to play school in the NFL. 
No he's right... Leonard Williams fucked my wife
It's dead now.
LETS GO
I guess they're gonna trade Wilkerson then.
Makes sense on the pick. He should do well there
Fuck. This is unforgivable. 
God fucking damn it.
Ironic that Shane Ray gets drafted to Denver after getting caught with marijuana 
Tomato Mariato
of course go where weed is legal bruh
Oh jesus, 3 ghost peppers?!

He lucked the fuck out
So many steals left and the Lions trade out of getting any of them to let the Broncos do it?

Come on. You need DL and Gregory and Brown are both there!
Freaky talent, good pick
Got Jimmy Graham.
I believe they said "Limited commercial interruption"

Damn.. somehow Suh got fined 100K because Shelton picked up Goodell..
Whoa jets will get an excellent player
What's with Sports commercials using Portugal. The Man songs? All Your Light, and last year So American on that NFL Shop we started out as a Vikings family but then ended up as a vikings SHUT THE FUCK UP ALREADY family. 
I will support you in this endeavor.
Serious attitude issues.


Supposed to be pretty good tho
This is the only thing I can think of as to why they gave up so much. I would have rather taken what fell to us at 17 though
Just look at him
No Hodor this season :(
You could follow a spoiler twitter account (if you're not already).
someone hold me
And he gets $40M a year for it.
Well Jeffery and White....its to bad they have Cutler 

I don't know who that is.
Rhodes and Waynes! Damn we got some decent corners now. 
But it's a loaded baked potato.
http://imgur.com/a/3nHM2
Steven Jackson was drafted by them.
Well shit, i was hoping they went with Gordon. 
Notbadsaintsfan.gif
K. Thanks. Bye
Can AZ get him?
No center or WR? Color me fucking surprised. 
Might be a truly epic BOOOOOOO coming up if they don't take him
The NFL Network coverage is great right now in my opinion. Their analysis is on point. ESPN was getting annoying...
Bears don't need defense. Never have, never will. 
[Bummer dude, sorry for your loss](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-b-CfHbPGQ)
Should've taken Dupree 
COME ON TEXANS. DRAFT WFU'S QB. YOU KNOW YOU NEED HIM.
Ok, that one but he didn't see any others!!!!
and I'll throw in a Gordon to be named at a later date.
I hope they gave up a 4th this year and a 5th next year. Even the playing field
https://31.media.tumblr.com/f9fc2d64c12df5b5ae2f9cd995871427/tumblr_netmfqnBpr1rys67xo2_250.gif
You keep using this word Jaborni and... ITS AWESOME. 
they dont need a TE or LT. can't argue with the rest.
And there's no way in hell we wouldn't have accepted it. I think this is total bullshit.
Wilfork 2.0
AP to the cowboys
This is the first time I've heard Gruden say something negative about anyone. He even found something positive to say about bin laden

*Gruden - I won't repeat what others have said about Bin Laden, I'll just say, man this guy knows terrorism. The schemes he draws up...they're legit man. Guy knows his stuff man*
Nice job not drawing it out jags
Don't worry, Belichick will pick a guy tomorrow that projects to be an UDFA. 
The Colts


/s but do I really have to say it
Jesus Christ Rivers
Yeah I just need one bump and I'll be good I swear.
https://i.imgur.com/RfZy2mi.jpg
And the biggest shock so far... NE doesn't trade back.
I can see Tannehills erection from up here
Only two starting guards active in 2014 were picked in the top 25
Jets pick Hundley.
Gruden's tired of Kiper and his top shelf RB hating ways.
Im actually not surprised.
hahaha
omg
TEXANS ON THE CLOCK
Welcome to Cleveland. Big Kahuna!
I am absolutely fucking shocked that not a single trade will probably made in the top 10 picks
That joke was bad, and quite frankly, you should feel bad.
What? The Pats have been pretty good at drafting in the 1st round since 2000.
I still like Shields but I think this guy might tighten things up a lot.
Marcus Marioto. You had one job.
Solid pick.
Alright then, I'll be waiting for the pictures for proof
Nah, I posted it to the /r/CFB thread. Didn't think about /r/NFL.
They probably couldn't get anything worked out in the time alotted. Before the night is through y'all will get something for him.
Fucking Commissioner John Travolta over here
[First look at Fowler in a Jaguars uniform](http://i.imgur.com/LmVXMov.png)
they just got a stud receiver, they know exactly what theyre doing
He looks like Torrey Smith's grandfather. 
Don't feel bad, the redskins didnt get him either
From an Auburn fan's completely honest and unbiased view, Gurley doesn't have what it takes to make it in the league, but he will definitely help push Mason in training camp on the way to his breakout offensive MVP season.
How far will williams drop? This is fun 
New York Sack Exchange 2.0 + No Fly Zone = Who needs a quarterback? 
An uncomfortable silence falls on the announcers
Where is he?
No sympathy for you lol. Best qb in the league? You'll pull through
you do need hands for football, good point 
Fuck that, I'm getting his jersey (Mizzou fan) and wont get a 'Boys jersey
Jets
Holy fuck, Chicago might actually get Williams.
I hate seeing him so unprotected every year :(
I love the booing of Goodell. 
I dont know what to feel
Literally the same except for all the differences.
Even ESPN is on the LOLBrowns train
Someone has bedhead.
Congrats Oakland. 
Wow, that is quite a risk for the Chiefs given his off-field issues.
Jets go with Williams even though they have Wilkerson and Richardson? 
pretty much a coin flip between him and Gregory. If we pick Landon Collins I will burn Heinz field to the ground
Could strief be moved to guard? I like peat so I figure one of them will be playing guard 
Honestly neither can I.
And commercial right as our pick's been handed in.
C!
Not even, maj pick.
Lynch will have retired by the time he is ready to take him on properly. 
Short lived career. RIP in piece 
Arrowhead never sleeps.
While that may be true, bears essentially just replaced bmarshall with a 1st round pick. Imo, a waste when you guys had a lot more pressing matters.
That was a disgusting simile. Poetic, but disgusting. 
Let the Mariota Madness begin
now the #2 pick circus begins
It still means we'd have to trade either Wilkerson or Harrison. Neither of which I'm on board for. 
And now the Pats get better

Fuck this
Danny Butler, first round pick of red lobster, outside dishwasher
Nope they are black and yellow
Over/under: 60 YPG rushing allowed.

Holy shit
Lalalalala I can't hear you!!
Booooo!


Here we go:
Williams. So drafting like Rex Ryan never left.
Josh Gordon 
Cards totally picked the last guy we could have justified taking in the first. So we did this instead.
My bad lol 
Hey, a good pick!
Williams played a USC, lots of people have seen him play. I just think it's ridiculous to say that fans aren't allowed to have an opinion. The draft is a huge crapshoot.
Inside Linebacker / Cover Corner, Ball State University.
>didn't look bad at all last year

He lost all 6 of the games he started in, and in two of those he was injured. 
Raiders already turned in their pick. It has to be Williams.
Dammit Arizona. 

**You still can't stop our d-line!**
Yeah, Chris Long was really racking up the sacks last season. Oh wait
I've been playing too much Destiny, so every time he says Gjallahorn I think of the rocket launcher :/.
Will they take Finkle or Einhorn?
Somebody called Shane Ray to Denver and got downvoted 
[I got you](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/su6iDFe)
Agholor didn't go to Oregon...
Because he's probably a solid 3rd round pick
Go bulls. :)
Fuck I don't want DeVante. Miami kills me every year.
It's not at Radio City. 
Thank you for keeping him out of the NFC North, Mike Maccagnan.
Ayy lmao
Marioto*
Lemme tell you something about Tim Couch, he was going to be the Browns future when they came back into the league and all he did was get on his knees and suck dick for 4 seasons, that's who he is
Lol Kiper is getting salty.
Great pick for the Browns

I love a good nose tackle

Now I miss Wilfork :(
I see what you did there
http://i.imgur.com/Q00f2Ft.gif
Exactly how I see it.
but not a bad fit, probably one of the best situations for him to go to 
I mean, what's the alternative? Saying "fuck you" to the fans?
Amari Cooper....
OMG
Pac 12*
Williams on the Jets DL. Wow.
You got the top back in the draft... You'll survive.
Well he did draft KR Kentwan Balmer, so that going for him... Which is nice
Right? I'm very surprised. Tre looked solid last year. I don't get it. 
Williams and Mack together!!
I had time to do the dishes between the picks. Hurry the fuck up.
boooooo I wanted someone to trade.
http://i.imgur.com/wcfjD68.gif
shots fired
They suck.
Palmer will be fine, and also Stanton wasn't a slouch either. 
:((((
He's 6-7 round projected.
Can't catch em all without those master balls.
Byron Jones 
Because he's bad
It was a win-win situation, but I (personally) preferred Williams. Also, I'm a UGA fan, so I'm quite conflicted right now.
Welp, the Patriots will be drafting all offensive linemen this year.
Falcons struck gold.
Why are people saying this is a horrible pick? Flowers has always been one of the best OTs in the draft, and arguably the best. 
Welcome to the Bears Kevin.
He goes to the state where weed is legal. I see no problems here.
Dat hair.
Winston, Fowler and Beasley. Titans I cant figure why they didn't trade, Williams should have gone over Cooper and Scherff. Jets don't need Williams at all. bears need defense more. flowers was way too early.
He's been gone for months.
I would watch ESPN if it weren't for Kiper
It's a nice looking suit.
WHERE THE FUCK IS THAT OTHER SHOE?!
Love the mustache. Makes him more villain-y
ridiculous run defense
Bet he's glad it's not the Browns.
C'mon man, don't be the stereotype.
He looks slow
Saints are still going to get Gregory . Wow
what did he say?
There's no chance in hell we offered all that.
You're not picking a QB, who cares? /s
This made me burst out laughing. Omg Holy shit
Leo come to papa
They have a young franchise LT, and a top 10 TE. Decent WR group, too. Funny joke though.
Most of us who have watched his tape see him as a de facto top 10 G though, with a high probability of being top 5.

Yeah Guards don't normally get picked that high but he's about as solid as you can get.
SHANE RAY! Nuff said.
Wow, Pete Prisco on CBS Sports gave this pick a D. Brady Quinn loved it and one of the other guys loved it though. Prisco did thing he'll be a decent player, just that the Panthers had more pressing needs. But I have a feeling this is gonna be a great pick.
I figured it would be hard to replicate the man scheme we had going last year without a shutdown corner
Kick Pugh inside and put Flowers at RT. The right side of the line is going to maul some teams
"back back back back GONE"

Sam Bradford is our QB. SAM FUCKING BRADFORD.
I think hes gonna play corner. already have Haha and Burnett at safety 
Thats what I meant, sorry should have been more specific. 
I love Manny's game, wish him the best for you guys
E:60: Drafted at 60
Options options options
Good because Ted made the pick. I've stopped second guessing his judgement
I don't even understand that one.
Mariota's sister is banging!
Good. Fuck you Miami
We'll be fine 
nah man. I know how good calais is (obv), and I don't want to face somebody like that twice a year if arik pans out.
http://imgur.com/GOFbYVY
Gregory is good, this is better
Dat horn
they said for the rest of the hour dude...
Great character, [very fast](https://vine.co/v/OlW7wFgpBXY), [he's exactly the same as Maclin in size and weight,](http://www.insidesocal.com/usc/files/2015/02/AGHOLOR.MAC_.png) very agressive when the ball is in the air as well. Here's a highlight video of him https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8tK4uRzx5s
FUCK YEAAAA
Giants taking Tud. They need a back and Tud Girly and Gordon are available
Haha there was definitely some editing going on with the audio there
His references are out of control!
I am of the belief that this guy fits chips system and hes one of those guys who will "buy in". I know that's been beaten to the ground, but for real, he is ridiculously smart. Just listen to him talk in interviews. The guy is something else. 
Because he would have been ~16 when R/B/Y came out. Now I was young enough when they came out for it to be more acceptable to be playing Pokemon in high school, but I doubt I would have started if it came out when I was in high school.
With Peters off the board I'm going with Dupree. He has been a target all offseason.
Homer quistion, out and about right know how long till the draft starts?
Cut Wilfork, the 2nd most important player for us for the last decade. Draft a promising long term replacement for him who is also Kiper's BPA. Like always we have Bill and Tom, and the beat goes on.
Ah, the ol Missingno trick. The age-old question: do you want 99 rare candies, or 99 master balls?
I don't get the difference in having a spoiler vs non spoiler thread for the draft
**Stop mocking him! It was a simple birth certificate typo and that was like 20 something years ago!**
I wish Gurley good luck
Marshall Faulk?
Give the Bucks another year or so and they will be SERIOUS contenders. 
This is unacceptable. We've gone 5 picks without a stupid trade.
This guy is so much better than Ray Lewis 
At least they're getting better at booing Goodell
How else would ESPN be able to milk viewership for over 2.5 hours?
I dont think its a reach I think its just surprising because of who has fallen 
In what way
Anyone *could*
If recent RB's in STL are any indication he'll have a great year next year and then get immediately replaced.
After a 9pm cup of coffee I was thinking the same. Goodell looked extremely uncomfortable too 
And yet he was going to be invited back to spring training the following season. Shaq is a physical freak.
Look at TD rocking the Hornets color scheme
The 2nd overall pick in the draft? Thats a bold move cotton.
Fuck this shit. I was so pumped to have a first round pick again and now...
BUT WHY PRE-MED?!
If Denver takes Shane Rey, this would be the most Detroit thing ever.
Can we get a kudos to Ray Lewis? Good call on his part. 
I feel UW's sports will forever be mediocre.
I love this pick. He's not very good.
Pick is innn 
How were the crab legs?
I know people who named their child Aimee. Parents be stupid as fuck.
Honestly, with all the guys we could take right now, that wouldn't be a bad decision.
You weren't run out because it was a crazy premise. It's because like at least once a week for a long stretch of time we would get a thread that said "Hey, Raiders fan checking in. Are you guys *really* going to take Leonard Williams?"

Guys from your fan base were asking the question so often that it became an inside joke on our sub. And in the end you guys didn't even take Leo.
CBS, for giving their 7th best play-by-play crew something to actually talk about during that game.
"Marcus Mar...Mari...Marioto...? who the heck..." 
Kiper 6/12, Mayock 5/12, McShay 5/12
It's gonna happen.
The thing that gets me is the guy doesn't seem very different from Hilton.
TD is the man 
Raji tested positive before we drafted him. We just resigned Guion.
Titans get their pick in late. 

Forfit the pick.
It's Goodell's biggest contribution to the game.
You killed JFK
You know, the more I see of Tomorrowland, the more I don't want to see it. Which is a shame, cause I thought it looked pretty damn good the first time I saw it.
You need DL, ILB, OLB, CB2 just off the top of my head on defense. WR is also a need as you guys only have boldin and TE is something you might have to address considering how horrendous davis was last season.
I hope Gruden pulls the blender out at some point in time. 
aww i wanted you guys to have Jaelen :(
IF HE WOULD'VE WENT TO PHILLY THEN HE WOULD BE A LOCK FOR THE HOF BRO.
Chips nudes are what really sealed the deal
So, the same scale as a Star Wars action figure?
Todd Gurley to the Rams! 
I don't why you would be happy with "serviceable". They are taking Mariota 
I have a bad feeling about this. 
Damn, this one got me!
And people were claiming just last year that people weren't going to draft running backs in the first round anymore
I've got plans to get high 2 days before the draft!
what QBs?
marcus marioto

Tougher as in 2 teams in the playoffs last 2 years, 3 straight super bowl appearances 
Muthafuckas act like they forgot about Tre...
>most 
Yeah he doesn't have a clue about the NFL, he's acting as though its the same as deadline day. 
Yeah I agree he could be, but I thought Chip wanted tall relievers with long arms
If Williams goes to bears ill be pissed
Lol the irrelavancy is real!! 
Williams injures Tom Brady

Garoppolo starts

Patriots win Super Bowl with GOAToppolo

We all hate Leonard Williams in perpetuity.
by the way. If the titans take mariota, it isn't over for his right
Rip from Arrowhead Cooper.
I'm sorta sorry man.
I mean he's 3-2 against you the last 3 seasons, that's still a winning record...
Sorry guys, you're a year late with Teddy. 
Winston's grandma is too sick to travel.
This was just the pick the bucs had to make, I feel lovie will work tirelessly to keep jameis focused off field. I just can't see the bucs being happy taking mariota, just on eye test jameis looks like he belongs in Tampa bay.
Gus Bradley loves him some DE
That's probably the weirdest shit I've heard all day. Cats? 
loo uh vull
Yep I was able to enjoy tonight knowing that barring a miracle I wouldn't need to worry about us doing anything. 
yes NFL Network had a camera at his house.
fuckitty fuck fuck
100%
NOPE
First off, I think we filled a major hole in our defense. Drafting a CB was one of the best choices. We really didn't need to draft a WR in the first round.

BUT WE WERE SUPPOSED TO DRAFT DAVANTE PARKER. HIM AND TEDDY WERE SUPPOSED TO LEAVE THE REST OF THE NFL IN A FIREY BLAZE OF TOTAL ANNIHLATION! GODDAMNIT FUCK

Solid A- 
seattle fans are here to see the 49ers pick
iron on
Probably static
They came back from 3-0 they can't be horrible
Its....its not sooo bad, man. Fuck that sucks. I'm sorry. 
Almost Browns. I'm excited
So now we see who Chip was truly after.
Such kind love from Dez
Hopefully Fox does us a solid and drafts him.
Does that play count as much since it was against Wazzu?
Why did we pay so much for an RB?
same shit will happen when the Eagles inevitably pick up that SS they all hate
Rocked it.
I don't think they played Hofstra.
Gah! Yes. I transposed them.
Mistakes have been made.
you loved the crotch shot 
"I call this guy IVAN because hes's... well... terrible."
No images please 
Time for Gordon to prove he shoulda been the one picked in the top 10.
Thomas Davis announces the pick of the player that will likely take his job.

Oh the irony.
"Panthers select Walter Payton, running back out of Jackson State!"
^^^I ^^^was ^^^saying ^^^Goodell
OH I'M PISSED
I hope you get into a bidding war with Chicago and give up the farm. And then he's a bust. And then maybe people will shut up about us.

This kills the Brady.
Oh come on Cooper ain't no slouch. Give your QB toys to throw to
OH ME OH MY
I don't get this one, wasn't mason good last year?
It is, we've had a string of bad CB picks and trades ever since Newman and even he didn't quite live up to the hype.
Or Brown. Or Collins. Or really anyone that wasn't a WR... 
Quarterbacks throwing into his coverage this season had an NFL passer rating of just 26.3, the best mark in the FBS for all corners.


Yeah, there was a fair bit of talk on that on ESPN earlier today.
This is actually a really good pick
Danny Shelton just picked up Goodell like he was a baby doll
Its like Prom and Bachelors party into one suit.
HMMMMMM

...by the bye week. 
It's a reference to the 4chan posts. "I want to get off" has nothing to do with Mr. Toad's Wild Ride.
Long snapper?
McShay twice?
Spoiler free asshole
This guy looks so happy to be drafted.
Mack cannot be traded. It's in his contract. 
WebGems are better than all the boring dunks they show while the NBA is still playing.
They should have traded the pick
I don't think he's undraftable. He was a consensus 1st rounder a few days ago. Absolute WORST case scenario (for him, I mean), someone will pick him up in the 7th on the probability that he's cleared.
Do it Woof wooof woof!
First true reach
not the same division as the jags tho
I really don't like this trade
I disagree. The guy is a nobody. Could've waited til round 4 or 5 to pick him up.
Happy fan checking in.
Did he play basketball too?
wow after all of that they end up staying. talk about blue balls.
I thought Jason Boris was the best. [He hit 12/32 this year](http://www.tnonline.com/2015/apr/30/2015-mock-draft-quarterbacks-top) if I counted correctly.
Rams Select: Garrett Grayson >_>
WADDLE FASTER GOODELL
Why isn't it not too late to trade him? He was going 2nd anyways? Doesn't this buy teams more time to find the right package for him?
Dallas
Nice teeth 
On a side note, has anyone else noticed that Gruden has perhaps the deadest eyes known to man?
Foster is almost 30
OY OY OY

wait, shit.
http://imgur.com/MZsYnbj

Meh, she's alright I guess 
Tre Mason looked good. Also, fuck having Gurley in the division.
Pulled a Bridgewater?

How did his stock fall so low?
I want back on Chip's Wild Ride.
Trade! 


lol two of their effort plays they found were against cup cake teams... As a former player everyone took plays off in those games because you were bored out of your damn mind.
http://www.pro-football-reference.com/boxscores/200301050pit.htm

ESPN is just screwing up left and right. 
They'll all shut up soon enough. Von gets more weed jokes from our fan base than others. 
Rusty "The Neck" Smith
Dallas on the clock? is that what I heard? Did we trade down?
That is fucked up.... but accurate. 
Should have taken Dupree.
I'm sorry for your loss. Move on. 
Does anyone have an ESPN stream? All of mine failed more or less simultaneously.
Leonard OR Fowler?!?!?
Browns drafting BPA, biggest player available. 
love me some muse
We wanted that convict!
hahah that was actually pretty clever
A whole family of eventual seahawk fans 
Time to get us a guard and corner and we'll be all set!!
2 times
Browns are going offense line 
I'm 33
What's the worse thing that could happen? It's not like he might get released or something..
Some of us aren't. I'm not. I wanted Williams OR Cooper and we got our choice. 

I am not sad or disappointed in taking an elite WR talent. A WR corp of Cooper, Jones, Crabtree, Streater looks a lot better than Jones, Crabtree, Streater, Holmes.

I'm hoping Cooper can have a similar AJ Green affect on this team.

Williams was a feel good story, and him wanting to play for us, and I totally loved the story but Reggie must think we can pair Mack with someone in a later round and have the same effect. AC/DC here we come!
Nothing but jokes in this thread.

People made the same jokes when the cowboys took Frederick too early.

Fuck you all, we needed a great OL guy and we got him. Williams wasn't even going to be a starter day one. Scherff will be.
The dudes reaction was exactly like mine.

Not bad 
Someone never watched Rex overthrow BB
It may not be pizza pie, but it is pizza cake.
Goddamnit 
Yeah same.
He got a couple of duh-duh-duhs from Chris Berman before the show.
> "I'm going to Tampa."


Settle Down 
If we can get Grasu or Marpet in the 2nd, I would even be okay dropping our 3rd on him. I'd definitely take him with one of our 3 4th picks. 
How do you mispronounce his name? He's the number 2 pick. 
I wonder if Carolina would pass on Gregory.
fred durst died?
Fuck yeah. That went as well as I could hope for. Obviously would have loved Williams or Fowler but that was never realistic. Very happy to get Beasley.
Olympic type speed before the injury
They didn't overpay for Harris. It was a 5 year deal. Last year's draft was fine. We got Richburg who will be our starting center and Berhe will likely be our starting SS.
Ah the ol' "let's hope our QB puts up 40 points a game because we'll give up 39" strategy
We needed a weapon for Joe we got a weapon. He had his choice between Perriman and Strong and clearly thought Perriman was better, who are we to question that? Joe Flacco big play hype!


When's the 2nd round start tomorrow?
Zac Stacy isn't too ecstatic
https://twitter.com/ZSTACY_/status/593946934819180544?s=09
Who's that greasy Russian guy in Williams' crew?
TYBG NO TRADES
The next L.T.
Maybe we can get them to trade down by offering Sanchez
I'm pretty stoked. Especially with Tanny's progression he's made. There are absolutely no excuses anymore. Especially if Cameron stays healthy 
Gah I knew it! Why oh why didn't I post it for that sweet sweet +4 karma.
YES LAKEN IS MY BOY LETSSS GOOOOO DUKE!!!!!
My bad, forgot. 
It is. He will be a good player but I think Williams will be a great player
Yes, yes they are. That poor bastard.
WTF GOODELL 
It works best in Madden, 4th rounders have a weird tendency to be awesome.

Not so much in the NFL.
I watched a lot of Kentucky games and he was very good. I think his workouts artificially inflated his stock, though.
I really thought they'd go defense with this pick.
Why do people think that the Lions made out like bandits? They get two fifth round picks which is good but otherwise they get a 32-year old guard who has a $3m cap hit this year and then isn't under contract for next year?
Every sperm *is* sacred!
So what do they do with demarious? 
We're prepared...

http://www.cbssports.com/nfl/eye-on-football/25165926/jameis-winston-offered-free-crab-legs-for-life-by-tampa-restaurant
GUYS, IT'S A WEED REEFERENCE!


I am crying, so close ;-;
If it was up to Irvin, the 1st round would be 32 WRs.
Well, usually. Aaron Hernandez and Gronk were both pretty good as rookies. Having Tom Brady helped.
Chris Borland 
Tagged
Browns it is then
Yeah, look out NFC West...
I had OL, Corner, and DL as this off season's biggest need. Corner got partially addressed with Browner. Jordan, Galette, & Hicks were pure money in 13 so I think there is room to rebound from 14 where the secondary was completely depleted.

Brees was uncharacteristically pressured last year so I think this pick is solid. 
Who are the 49ers picking with their 1st overall in 2016?
Were those actual cheers from the crowd?
Wow Del Rio passed on Williams?
they got a chance lets see if they want you to be charitable
I want to get off Chip's wild ride
Seconded 
Yep. Three years in a row.
Except he's going to play LB for us
Seriously, who was he throwing to? What QB would have won games with that team?
It feels like a need pick not a BPA pick. 
Wow those aren't just Jets fans
Well that was a disappointment
"Forget you this moment is all about me."

--Roger Geddooll (probably)
Are we like Kassadin pre like the last 7 nerfs? 
yes. he also can't stay low, takes plays off a lot.

ok against the run is the best compliment I can give him.

we drafted him because he's big, which is ridiculous because he's kinda too tall to play end.
There will be no rest for that butthole.
I've never been this excited for a draft in my life. I can't wait to see what Chip does tonight.
I want Ameer now.
You don't spend the 6th overall on depth. Leger Douzable is depth. 
That sucks man, wanted Leonard... he was ours... why do this

Gonna look silly if he starts shredding your defense right off the bat.
Wow, you have an even shittier version of this gif. Well done.
I love Dorsett but you guys did not need him.
Biggest one-sided rivalry in existence. SoCal doesn't give a shit about NorCal, but NorCal seems to despise SoCal.

Also, you're a cunt.
[Maybe BPA but really? Not a DB?](https://i.imgur.com/zl8Be3w.gif)
Leo to the raiders!
I'm just here until the mods nuke this thread.
If anything we want quick shifty guys who can catch the million bubble screens kelly calls. 
Fuck, the Niners are going to get Williams aren't they?

Edit: Maybe not. 
Eagles fans getting B T F O
Because people just want to feel better about themselves by projecting false narratives when they know it's a good pick. He has a higher ceiling than Scherff and is a prototypical Giants offensive lineman. This is a great pick for us. 
Im guessing Collins.
one heart, same as everyone else 
Is a converted nickel corner worth a first?
Damage control for what though? Just about everyone knew that moving from 20 to 2 would be extremely difficult and unlikely. I think he made a good offer but not the one reported before the pick.
Um 4 standout rookie WRs and....no Sammy Watkins? Is he already being overlooked?

....Seriously? I'm actually offended by that. If this shit keeps up, Sammy is gonna have a **massive** chip on his shoulder by September...
Nah. We're pretty much guaranteed to get an awesome pass rusher now.
In Gettleman we trust.
Unlike the Chargers drinking pee video, I will not watch that one if it comes out. 
Now why in gods name would you do that when you can just boo every pick?
So, Rapoport is tweeting out that the Eagles are trying to trade a shit ton of stuff for #2 overall
ya that guy really dodged a bullet there
 Nah, Gruden seems to have the most life and has been pretty on the ball with his commentary. 
Although I may be biased because I like Gruden
Like Torrey in twenty years.
Screw it, after OBJ last year I think Jerry earned himself the benefit of the doubt. He could have traded to No. 1 and drafted ME and I'd still have a voice in the back of my head going "maybe he's on to something here... Maybe I AM a natural athlete!"

Then I would promptly tear every ligament in my body the first day of mini-camp. And I would still be happy, because one generational first-round pick is worth two in the bush, or something.
Damn. I know tackle is a new but.... Malcolm Brown :(
No kidding. I don't get all the old hate they were getting, 49er's especially. The all black is sick. 
Johnny Football jersey at the Brown's party. Interesting choice.
With the first pick of the NFL draft, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers select... Paul Blart, Mall Cop, Massachusetts. 
Who wouldn't want him?
We've made the playoffs 3 years in a row and progressed each time. This being a turnaround from the worst team in the league. Trust their process they seem to know what they are doing... Don't let one blowout by the super bowl winners make you think the team is shit.
Oh.. they're out there. Lol
Oh well :(
Hey now...Don't fret-we've got Suh.
you guys drafted winston...
There are PLENTY of people happy that we didn't trade up for Mariota, as well as those you mentioned, which you can expect. At least mention those not saying dumb shit.
I'll just take one of the Big 3 CBs
Fucking jackpot!
The year Rex leaves the Jets they get Leonard Williams?

If they bring the Andy Warhol exhibit back forget about it 
Very Neat
What......WHAT?????????
That's how I play 2048
KEENAN ALLEN SUCKS DONKEY DICK, BETTER?
4th this year and a 5th next I thought I heard
Not a reach, just took a player identical to one of their best. This is TY's last year 
Plus they love rugby, which is fucking awesome
Or... you know... not take Leonard and keep him out of the AFC South. Thanks.
Hahahaha...didn't see that. He gets paid to look like Count Chocula I guess.
Thank god. I was worried you would get an RG3 type trade. 
A Birdman joke? 
What did they do? 
lions like Jamaican players
[**@SI_PeterKing**](https://twitter.com/SI_PeterKing/)

> [2015-05-01 03:33 UTC](https://twitter.com/SI_PeterKing/status/593981518755696640)

> First-round trades

> 2012-14 (average) 14

> 2015 2

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

That sucked.
Like what?

OT & WR, none of which left were good enough for a first round pick. And if you say im wrong, just remember that our lord and savior Smitty was a *third* round pick.
Bulls doubling up on the Bucks right now. 88-44
It's like rain on your draft day.
I'm going DeVante Parker here.
I'm shoveling coal into the hype train as we speak 
Arik Armstead is still on the board! /s
Definitely, though some might say Perriman
Don't forget Comeback Kid Miles Austin 
Hahahahahaha oh god that dline is nasty
Is that worse than having a kickoff go out of bounds?
As a gator fan I'm happy to see Fowler stay in the state. All the Gator/Jags fans I know are very excited. 
This year. 

Edit: I think you mean the movie. 

Whoosh to me! 
I feel exactly like I felt last year with Mack... just fall one more spot.
I can only imagine they're moving him to corner?
Can't draft the "steal of the draft" #2 overall, Gruden.
"The sons of anarchy" That's actually brilliant.
Lol well if he came to the Packers to learn to tackle then he will be sorely disappointed.
Beers for everyone!!!
No trades so far. I was promised chaos. This is some bullshit.
What was that spin by Shelton on the line of scrimmage?
Tim Tebow with the best win percentage LOL
You'd better. I drafted you to my /r/nfl fantasy team. I ain't settling for no Lutz.
Solid
NOOOOOOOO Flowers was my guy :(
for the colts to take him was a reach 
Reach of the night. 
Detroit and Denver trade 

Lions to pick 28th, Denver to select 23rd
Shaq Thompson First true surprise to me
God it feels like wearing a dress
Randy Gregory wore 44 before he dropped a 4.

Saints pick at #44 overall.

Linebackers can now wear numbers in the 40s.
Hey what's wrong with Ybor? 
[YES. YES. YES.](http://www.teachmepython.com/static/media/uploads/yes-yes-yes.gif)
I love when a player gets drafted above their mock draft position. I'm going to trust NFL franchises over cheeto eating analysts any day
Both.
dammit
they need to boo Goodell more

yup, think he's gonna have to put some more weight on to take the hits he'll take but definitely has the potential to do it 
oh look, another receiver that Jay can overthrow.
"Jameis Winston. You know what he did."

Not exactly the best phrasing there, Chris.
They picked up a 4th this year and a 5th next year.
worth
Cooper or Williams?
Wooo trade
SKOLLLLLLLL
No it wasn't. He doesn't fit the scheme.
Bust 
Fucking rats
THE NORTH IS SAFE 
How long have you been waiting to say that
Infinite up votes for you.
Lol all the niners fans were so butthurt about him in the mocks. 
Straight up Zach Lavine getting drafted by the Timberwolves
Or just really high...
Nice. 
Todd Gurley is still beating Auburn...
best corner ability wise imo
How do you know he was their number 1 ranked OL?
With all the ILB depth left in the draft I guess we went with the best player in the board? In TT we trust...
Rhodes pretty much shuts down everyone, right? Enjoyed watching him keep Calvin Johnson out of the game not too long ago.
NFL mock drafts are a 100% everywhere right now
FEEEEEEEAAASTTTTT MOOOOOOOODDDEEEEEEE!!
The ghost of Al Davis has appeared 
so does this mean they didn't trade the pick?
Gruden has a really small bladder, what can I say?
Laken. Very solid pick.
My mom always sends me recipes from there that look dope. I don't ever make them but they look god.
They tied for the worst record so it switches each round. It's why the raiders pick 3rd and jags pick 4th in the 2nd. 
best choice the Rams have made in a while
Lol no his name is WrongJohnson
You know I was worried I'd miss a ton of picks while flipping between this and the Spurs game but they're taking so damn long it ain't been a problem. 
One Dupree please 
You were saying?
Fuck!
They have a printing press in the back with blank jerseys
fingers crossed...
Dude, Walter Football said he'd fall out of the top 5, teams just weren't as high as him as the mock drafters. Still high, just not top 3 high
Of course the Colts draft a Miami Hurricane. 
YES A TRADE. CHARGERS MVP
I kind of want the Bucs to take Marcus, but at the same I really rather they don't. Doubt he would succeed on that team.
So...6 more RBs
God bless you mods. Tonight is gonna be messy. 
IT'S

TIIIIIIIIIIIIME!!!!
Yeah, that has to be the deal here.
Oh damn!
both have names right out of Key and Peele.
This is his second. The first was a motivational reality tv show.
i really hope we dont end up regretting this pick... there are SO FUCKING MANY talented WRs in this draft. Only 2 DE's worth a top 5 though
I wouldn't have asked it either, but I'm not sure how that makes her a fake journalist.
I will trade you a fade for a ring
Current UCF student here, went to all the home games this year. Nice WR. Problems with focus, but I attribute those to UCF games being boring as crap. Plays better when there's a crowd to play for. 
Did people actually expect this to be fully commercial free lmao. 

Not to mention every time they said commercial free they said til 9 or something every time 
Too much gold just on top 
(cleats don't count)

Needs its own helmet 



That joke is basically an "insert university name here" joke
Andre Johnson vs Kevin Johnson 
Whoo! Come on Leonard Williams!
Browns, no offense, I hate your jersey changes. I like your city though
CTRL+F for "Erving".

...

Wow. The Football Gods smile.

I'd say Laken Tomlinson, but it's definitely a bit helped by the fact that a trade occurred and gave them Manny Ramirez as well. I'd also maybe argue Kevin Johnson for Houston, but that wasn't *that* bad a pick all things considered.

Honestly, for the majority of this round, most picks went pretty per-the-course or above/at value.
HE AIN'T JULIO THOUGH! 
I like it.
PREACH!
I love how they boo goodell.
Agree that he's a pocket passer but not that he only runs when it's absolutely necessary. His wheels are a big part of that offense. Dude was almost a 1000 yard rusher last year.
Wow, that was anticlimactic.
I'm already sobbing
I understand why but I doubt he's actually going to get traded.
[Rex](http://www.lasportsanostra.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/Rex-Ryan.jpg) is definitely [Craig](https://36.media.tumblr.com/8779f0dca87e71c1a9641869acd16a49/tumblr_mj20vsHXaj1s67q1po1_500.jpg)
Texans gonna take Hundley?
Sorry but Cooper isn't #4 overall good. Yikes.
From the official Vikings twitter:
The Vikings have just drafted Trae Waynes 11th overall. Our deepest condolences to his family in this time of extreme sadness and grief. The entire Vikings fanbase knows how you feel and support you in full.
WE ARE THE 84.375%
That's the strategy I most like watching. Watching high flying offense is like watching a movie with no drama.
Bo would have went much higher if anybody besides Al Davis knew he was going to be playing football.
Claiborne's contract is guaranteed. I can't see him getting cut unless we can trade him, which I doubt. We could go with 6 CB's or Carr could get cut. We have several months until we have to make that decision though.


I think it's been clear OL or DB would be our pick for awhile
I'm not, I think it's hilarious. 
parker.
Eating a lot of cheese eh?
now it's time for the intermission. 6 minutes left guys go to the bathroom
NFCE Stacking their lines lol. 
I know old Titans usually head to the Rams, but can we figure out something for the reverse of that?
No

The Bears keep Williams and cry tears of joy.
Beasley to the Falcons then?
Dude is fast as the weekend
GURLEYYY
if being American is wrong I don't want to be right 
[Zac Stacy and Tre Mason be like](http://cdn.meme.am/instances/500x/52714994.jpg)
Peat makes a lot of sense. I'm very surprised that the Giants didn't get him.
A running back in the top 10 that is silly as heck 
Coopa
Guess the Broncos loved Ray 
picks in. picks in. please be devantbae
this.
I am beyond pissed. If I were you Id take that deal in a heartbeat. If I was the Eagles I would take that deal.... ARGHH
I might turn the draft off if we reach for a QB.
And with the first pick for the 2015 NFL draft, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers select: 5 more years without going to the playoffs. Might not get the first pick next year, but they will be in the first five.
Bah. Should have traded down first, could have still gotten him.
Looking for the next Zach Martin.
Titans GM Ruston Webster is saying they are not trading him in their press conference. Posturing? Who knows. 
Please film it.
No, he's on our team. 
Slid pretty far IMO
WINSTON? I AM SHOCKED.
Jags pick is in. Who is it?
That must be one noisy house.
My Texan fan friends are convinced they take Gordon
Yeah, just like Marcus Smith last year. Genius.
Wasnt his nickname Quitler?
The city of Oakland just collectively shit itself with joy
Is it on me or has the chick doing the player interviews been a cunt all night. 
Oh god this is all adding up to Williams going to STL. lol
Here's hoping the curse of Wisconsin RBs continues...
Spoiler alert: In the Sixth Sense the guy with the bald head is Bruce Willis 
Hernandez smoked weed? 
Its possible but not sure how likely. It seems they really, really wanted him despite all the the Eagles were offering.

I think if they tried to move him later, they wont get anywhere near that same offer.
Blame your management for not mortgaging enough picks.
[Rams surprise coming.](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter/status/593943867327643648)
Thank god I thought they were gonna trade the pick 
Nah. He was a top 10 pick prior to a couple of injuries. He would've been drafted over Scherff some time ago.
Guy played at Buffalo. Going to be a total bust.
Yet its still relevant

edit- made nicer
please leave yr dick where it is, homie
lol

Another commercial.
WINSTON IS A BUCC
Almost time to see if the Patriots just let the clock expire and send the NFL into a panic as it realizes the Patriots can wait until tomorrow evening before picking
damn right
she's the star of the draft
We don't build our defense with Tom in mind. I guys that's why we make Geno Smith look like him.
Does your friend want a GM job?
THE RAMS MADE THE SHOES DROP
And Jeff Teagues! They're about on the same level, right? 
I don't pay attention to baseball at all.
Gahhhhhh... Fuck. it was to be expected. Shit. 
So is his name mario-ta or mare-iota?
MELVIN GORDON MOTHERFUCKERS!!!
Lol bitches
Why? Not like he is going to QB purgatory.. aka the Browns
2015th draft.. 49 super bowls..
How does this JUST come out now?
I always like to think I'm making the trench run on the death star through those parts.
ILB.
Please not Cooper... I want Kevin White to drop close enough for us to trade.
These interviews are making me cringe. 
Same record. They change each round based on a tie breaker.
1ST PICK
Did not expect Scherff
Colts gonna colt.
Laken is the nicest guy in the draft.
THERE IS A TRADE. THE INDIANAPOLIS COLTS TRADE ANDREW LUCK AND A 1ST TO THE TENNESSEE TITANS FOR ZACH METTENBERGER

THE INDIANAPOLIS COLTS SELECT MARCUS MARIOTA
Ohh lawd I hope Tomsula can coach this dude to his potential bc it seems like everyone has something bad to say about him. 
God damn Slick Rick. 
Roughing Goodell. Browns lose their other 1st round pick.
He's an RB4 here
It's gonna sound like i'm talking shit because I hate the Ravens, but didn't you guys basically take this guy in the 7th round a couple years ago?
He said "its personal"...not his place to say who contacted him.
"Marcus...Marioto....Quarterback....Orogon" lol
The team that scores more points.
Poor guy.
I was so afraid Reese was about to take Gurley but thankfully either someone got to him in time or he really liked Ereck.
He was still 10 ten anyways.
:[
Like this pick for them. 
that may have been me. dammit.
Or lose by less than 20 to NE
Technically the draft has started, but until the pick is announced, we're all still in pre-draft mode
Lol mods
Because we wanted Williams, but reading this thread is soothing my soul a bit.
Cause you're the only team to take an online men in the 1st round right?
Haha my bad dude. I know I wanted Scherff and I'm shocked he went at 5. 
Pizza, wings and beer. Good old fashioned football food. God I love this fucking sport. 
I'd imagine them trading Wilkerson for offensive help plus a pick, or something like that
The guy Denver should have taken
good for you!
No way they go D-line again... right?
Not this year. Raiders are bidding their time. Soon Manning and Rivers will be gone. Just in time for Carr and Cooper to take off. Couple more solid picks in the right spots and they're gonna take over that division. 
Omfg....speechless 
After that speech I totally agree.
So that means Mariota is still available right? 
[Brought to you by Golden Corral.](http://replygif.net/i/1422.gif) 
Please don't rip your dick off. I'm not a dude that but that will hurt like fuck all and won't help anyone.
http://imgur.com/gallery/vncZ8J3
The modern NFL draft. No one trades up, everyone takes the best player available.
poor lenny.
DONT TRADE WITH THE VIKINGS CLEVELAND! DONT TRADE WITH THE VIKINGS CLEVELAND!
Plus loads of great WRs went in the first so the value is there for the Cooper pick. 
now you know how I felt watching John Abraham for all those years
Guess that Duron Carter signing didn't inspire a lot of confidence up front? Why the F did we pass on Collins?!
Foolish mortals! Tremble before our 7 WR set! If we can't run the ball, we'll throw it 120 times per game! Muahahahahahahaha! 

Oh wait...we have to play defense? And protect our QB? Well...shit.
Wrong. They aren't even bringing him in. He didn't even have to leave Chicago if he didn't want to. They are simply looking for information and to see if he happens to be the father of the child.
damn Gurley is such a likeable dude
OH GOD YES!!!!! FUCK YEAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH TRAE WAYNES!!!!
I saw a tweet from PFF saying he was the 6th best against the run. I'll try and find it.

edit: found it, but it was "seventh highest grade against the run vs Power 5 teams in this draft class"

https://twitter.com/pff/status/593958385478959105
Unbelievable that L. Williams or Kevin White will be available for the Bears.
Haha reminds me of Gospher Cherilus. 
Dallas?
That was quite a price for Ray, didn't even expect him to make the 1st round.
I don't approve
But it just isn't. He was third on the board, so you take him. Scherff wasn't going to fall below 9. That gives very few options to trade down and still get your top guy available. As for you valuing Williams over scherff, that's cool and all, but you're nobody. You mean jack shit to me and I have no reason to value your player rankings over someone like Scot, who has a long and proven history of successful drafting. 
I just paid $30 to watch this at the NFL Network, so this better be good!
Started rooting for the Chargers last year as my AFC team due to my love for Felipe Rios. This absolutely cements that. 

Hope the Chargers have a good season and go 15-1.
Dude we need o line like crazy
So a few months back I was drunk and said I would eat a terrible towel if the Steelers take a Corner Back in the first round.

I am a man of my word be it drunken or not. So I'm a little nervous about the draft tonight, and my digestive system.
117th and a 2016 5th round pick
**MOVE TO LA AND SWITCH TO NFC WEST ALREADY**
Vic Beasley to the Falcons? [Who would've guess that?!](http://i.imgur.com/zks2Mms.png)
Flash Gordon.
75 people is not enough, dude.
I've heard the PFT forums have great servers. Some quality discussion too!
Both, at least Mason may get a few carries Stacy is fucked.
Well, Kiper said he was the 12th best prospect in the draft and you snagged him at 32. So it seems like a steal. 
Tampa waiting for last minute trade offers

Mariota
Just a sigh of relief...
Who the fuck is Marcus Mariotto??
Scooooooooore

Me too. I am glad to see someone not be a dick about Cutler. We have to suffer enough. I am really excited having a great young WR for years to come. I still think Alshon is a #2 WR
Chip was sooooooo cloooooose
A few years ago, Jon?

McNair died a few years ago.
How in the duck did you find this guy?
Because WR is a position you can find throughout the draft.
OHHHH SHITTTTTTT WHAT!!!! IM SO HAPPY!
Yup. I love how we drafted this round. Ramirez doesn't have to start to provide functional depth, and he has position versatility between guard and center.
Hahahaha, because he's so feminine. 
[Pimpin'](http://images.halloweencostumes.com/products/1468/1-1/sweet-daddy-pimp-costume.jpg)
Cool!

Do you have any standup on youtube? 

I'm in the mood to laugh. 
Why
Meh. If he doesn't spark our offense and prove that bmarsh was only hurting the team in the locker room, then I firmly believe we should've gone defense. Really wish Williams was there and I thought he would but I would have been happy with beasley
One year earlier (83) and the Bills are 101 wins higher. 
Just the tip?
Williams is interior, would go against guard which we have one less-than mediocre one and then an empty space.
KIPER WOULDNT PICK AP AHAHAH
Dumb fucking pick. We don't need a running back, we need an offensive line. We literally have two okay offensive lineman right now, I'm pissed. 
Titans shitting the bed...
Wait till you see the girl to his left
When was that? I might have to take that in...
Todd Gurley ? Did he have any feelings about where he would go in his AMA?
This is fucking horrible. They are so far behind 
COME ON LEONARD. FALL TO THE SKINS
http://i.imgur.com/ZEno9ar.jpg
Wtf was that highlight where he intercepted it in the end zone and then stood there for a couple seconds.. *And then ran it out of the end zone*
^^^^^maybe
Goddamn it
Gruden is annoying
Somebody need's to shut Mettenburgers agent up.

They draft a first round QB and you want to trade immediately? He looked okay last season but he wasn't spectacular.

Man up and compete. I'm not saying dude shouldn't look for a trade if he isn't the starter. But now? Right this fucking second? No.

EDIT: I'm not saying he has a chance, but to come out like you won't even compete for a starting position right off the bat? How can that look good for the player. I understand where the agent is coming from, you need to start shopping around. But to announce your player has no desire to try and compete doesn't sit well with me. Maybe people won't care but I would.

I love how this comment is +25 while the explanations are in the negative. Only the pissed off people went into the other comments. Listen guys *it's an opinion,* and I would love to hear yours. Just no need to get so upset, typing a rude comment won't help and it won't change my opinion.
Todd Gurley is the next Adrian Peterson. 
why
Keim said they had him #13 on their board, take that for what its worth. 
Oh seriously, don't go to another ad break. Faaaaaark.
Could hear my stepdad yell "The Fuck?" from the other room 
Baylor finds a way to burn everyone. Waynes with a NFL safety behind him and not having to be on a complete island every play with no back help will be lockdown. 
Welcome to Baltimore Breshad Perriman
[And the reference that it references.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mr._Toad%27s_Wild_Ride)
McShay's mock draft shown right above projected Peat to you guys
Cooper is the no-brainer if you ask me. Carr can't win without someone to throw it to.

I don't want him to go there, but they need him.
I'm kinda bummed. I hoped for more craziness. But at least they can FINALLY TALK ABOUT SOMETHING ELSE HOLY FUCKING HELL
WHY
REDSKINS PICK RG3 AGAIN
Perriman has like a 6head.
Not on NFLN
JMO, but NBA is boring as hell to watch because of the manipulation of the game, especially the last 2 minutes or so of regulation.
Well, if the Bears skip on Leonard Williams we might as well suspect he's a serial killer.
Dude, Manny Ramirez is a band-aid at best IF he starts. As it is we just need depth at the OL.
I think he has the potential to be a star in this league. He wasn't going to do well on a team with very few play makers on Defense. But he is going to a team that will end up needing a linebacker with TD's skills in the next 2 or 3 years. The linebackers are what keeps our defense running. I imagine this pick will look smarter not now, but in a couple of years when the kid has put on some weight and has played the system a bit.

Edit: to add on to that. The picks 25-50 are all similar talent levels. it is MUCH more of a crap shoot at this point. Ealy was drafted in the second last year, but played like a late first rounder towards the end. You gotta pick who you like once you get into the late 20's and G-man liked Shaq. 
Honestly i never listen to the reporter's questions anymore in any sport
WTF!?!?!?!? WILLIAMS DROPPING!
I would be ecstatic with that pick. Dude is a hell of a pass rusher, and we need that bad.
Just put it in the comments
Boooo Wendy Testaburger, booo

Wow, Anthony? Saints must know something we don't.
lol houston is so fucked
Doesn't make it not accurate 
Those fans looked so disappointed

***PANTHERS TAKE SHAQ THOMPSON***
I tagged you. This is beautiful. No offense. We've all been there. Point still stands:

Nananabooboo.
It would be harsh if the replacement was going to be immediate, but I don't think it is. TD has a good two years left in him I think, and at least to all appearances seems to have enough loyalty to the team that he wouldn't make it very hard for him to play those two more years here.
Is that good? Did they do good? I can't tell, is he good?
[McShay](http://imgur.com/a/lTqxL), [Kiper](http://imgur.com/a/3nHM2), [Mayock](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34cc3v/mike_mayocks_official_mock_draft/).
And now the draft becomes interesting 
I think it's also a case where the FO feels confident with their ability to select d-line players later in the draft and/or with the current talent that they have on the roster. 

I am happy with the Cooper pick, WR suddenly becomes an interesting position to follow in the preseason.
Browns have one of the worst rush D last season.

Shelton just makes too much sense.
Right....wow duh
So they are trading wilkerson?
We already got a center for the tight end we need to replace in Max Unger.
Byron Jones tho
I hate fantasy football experts 
I'm killing myself.
The mouth opening really completes it 
Tampa war room looks thrilled.
In TT US Trust
>Jameis Winston, you know what he did....

*allegedly*
amainard coopiams
"This is the best day of your life, let's talk about the worst day of your life!"
lol Grigson really building that fucking monster huh
Yeah this is the last round I'm watching of the draft
I bet GB takes Collins. 
He'll probably start this year. Mariota needs to sit.
https://marathonandsprint.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/chris-farley-scared.gif
COOOOOOOOOOOP
Defense in the 1st, again, shocking. 
Off the field issues are a concern, I'd say Johnson is better

EDIT: Or Waynes 
They were worried about the Cowboys trying to trade up for Gordon, maybe?
Lol perfect fit 
Are you watching Family Feud? 
who is louis riddick? 
WHAT!@?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
By drafting an offensive lineman? Are you serious? Lineman have always had value in the NFL. Did you start watching football 3 years ago and listen to ESPN talk about thr cowboys going OL lately? Dumb thing to say. 
I like the way you think.
you got it bro
This is foreign statement for us but I'll take it! 
Very high!
That's a man
Frazier wouldn't have drafted him because he didn't think we needed great corners in the Tampa 2 scheme. Which made sense because we were perennially a Top 5 pass defense under Frazier. /s
The Dolphins get their guy.
He's pretty decent on the NFL insiders show.
ah ok...that makes sense. i forgot he wanted to join the jags. 
Panthers with the surprise pick of DGB? 
Yeah let's draft a center when we have Javon.
Damn i remember when the jags were balling with Gerard and Leftwich 
::Checks watch::

::8:00::

::Commercials::

*sigh*
Probably not. 

Bigger issue was other teams (Cowboys) were probably also trying to move up to get him. 
Sorry man this is my first draft 
Brycepettybrycepettybrycepettybrycepetty
This walking commissioner thing is so dumb.
"I'm just turnt up right now"Me too, Jameis, me too. Fuck I'm happy right now
He didn't seriously just mispronounce Mariota's name did he? 
We most certainly need a Dlineman to replace JSmith...
Omgomgomogmomgomgomogmog
Poor kid is going to get killed behind that offensive line.
Melvin Gordon gon' be gud.
JETS
Did we trade up or what????
Lol, the guy 49ers fans got tired of hearing about saying he'd never go there.
Ah, the old Bode Miller question.
Yeah lol I see now but when I commented I didn't see them
>different for the sake of being different
Should have seen him rip cutler. It was brutal.
k
Way to go out on a limb.
http://i.imgur.com/zePfkhF.gif
I see you scherff 
2spooky
2ramsey
No trades yet. That's interesting.
Woooo!!!! 
Using this forever thanks 
The second set of balls are just for good measure, right? 
Do you really have to ask? Everyone knows why...
[Danny Shelton Pick](http://i.imgur.com/bJElaYb.jpg)
Philadelphia used shoe drop. It is not very effective
DE for the Jags? Woulda thought they'd go OL first...
Is that a bad thing? 
He still is. 
Highlights https://youtu.be/Tl3um6tx9CU
had to wait for the commish to walk inside
dont really need a WR though
Wut?
The inevitable waste of my entire night, cause they won't do it till they're up
i *love* that we're getting loud boos at the draft...hopefully this isn't the last year for it!
decent pick Cowbro--
No I fucking hope he busts hard you pieces of shit fuck all y'all

No but seriously good pick, they'd be dumb to pass on him
Our defensive backfield relies on versatility and depth. This guy looks like a decent dime corner and backup safety. He gives us both of those things. I think it's a fine pick given the value there. Looks like a decent ballhawk as well. 
And Michelangelo, Donatello, Leonardo, and Raphael 
Probably a good thing, means he is bust.
Just don't fuck up our pick...
Nobody's favorite Halo is Reach.
I want Randy Gregory to fall to the Cowboys and then they take Ameer Abdullah, Duke Johnson or David Cobb later.
also lots faster
Tall
He wasn't running well at the start of last season, but I'm still not convinced Mason was that much better. Not really sure what Fishers plans are now. 
http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/226688/bebladespumped.gif
And all of the genius's on TV were saying that this year was going to be one of the most trade crazy years.
There's the new Browns jersey.
Jesus, if that's true I can't believe they turned it down
I'M SO NERVOUS AND EXCITED RIGHT NOW!!
Good for them?
Yep
Well, the draft and future are a wash now

Schreff and Flowers were reaches

O-linemen getting overvalued right now.
We have finally learned. His reign will end
Did melvin think he was going to the ravens?
I have an extra bottle of lotion. You don't need to be a dry guy, you know.
C'mon Browns. DRAFT YOUR FRANCHISE QB
Good guy Jaguars not taking forever with their pick
You should do it anyway because reasons
There he goes!
Seems like every pick is a lineman 
nah bro we need that CB
Even worse than the Vikings.
$$$ and TV ratings 
Judging by the amount of comments in each one, yes. 
St. Louis fans are absolutely sloshed.
Doro arigato Mr. Marioto! 
1 pick and then commercial break, 1 pick and then commercial break, 1 pick and....
Welcome to Oakland Leonard Williams
Edit- whoops
Champs of the afc north? Maybe, but playoffs speak louder than season standings
Six more rounds my man!

I guess they were really high on Dorsett.
WE TRADED TOO MUCH. TT IS THE NEW AJ SMITH. THIS IS BULLSHIT.

/s
Raiola's gone
sort comments by new. pound f5
OK Bears. You want a receiver.... ^please
I understand why people find this funny but for a guy with maturity issues it comes off as another childish move. Better to move on and rise above. 
[Jon Baldwin, anyone?](http://imgur.com/BwPtjxX)
I bet they did on ESPN. #NFLNMasterRace
Mason, Stacy, Gurley.... That's a scary fuckin' backfield 
we got a GM over here
Williams is definitely BPA, but is he a fit at NT? Is Bowles planning to change to 4-3? I highly doubt it.
The only one high here is Shane Rayyyyyyy lmao. Low hanging fruit just smacked me in the balls, I'm sorry.
> nfl.com

I know you can't do shit, but nfl's site isn't loading for me. 

At all. Like....nothing.
And Moncrief. 
4th best ILB in the draft. 
Holy overall defense is more like it. Rest in pieces Brady.
I hope the Bears fans boo the Packers pick
Great value pick, but didn't see it coming. I guess Erving going early forced their hand.
Lmao all those salty eagles fans
YEAH BOI
Georgian here. Gurley is ridiculously good, and he's going to have a nice career.



On the other hand, I don't get this pick.
why would we do that
[Pats trade pick to Houston](https://twitter.com/shalisemyoung/status/593974185375969281)
Is the ESPN commentary more asinine than usual? 
Every analyst is saying Williams is the best player in this draft, and yet...
Rumors are the Texans wanted him
Who gets their lives ruined next
You guys would fit in so well with half our fan base who are serial Cutler apologists.
Well, you guys were the next pick. Which is why I made the comment.
Probably afraid the Cowboys would jump them
I've said it before, chargers are my afc team. Weddle, woodhead, rivers. So Wisconsin. And California is dope, good beer both places.
That guy in the middle is either high as hell or has no clue who Armstead is
Even if the offers were reeled back from what was reported, I still think trading down had to be an incredibly serious consideration. Mettenberger is promising and the Titans could have filled a lot of holes for the value of that pick.

I'm not any kind of evaluator, though, so I don't know how much better Mariota is perceived to be than Mettenberger. I just see the value of that one pick being spent on one of the riskier commodities in the NFL-- a first-round QB-- and wince a little bit. If it works out they're in great shape. If he doesn't, they left a lot of starters on the table.
The first one.
I couldn't tell if he was preparing to dance, or high kick the O Linemen.
They did go with cooper!
Brandon Scherf tho
Snoreeeee zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Boring ass draft but we made it more exciting.
McShay 8/16, Kiper 7/16, Mayock 5/16
He's actually an all purpose lineman but whatever you say
TAKE THAT GODDAMN TRADE RUSTON
It's got to be a cool feeling to be the first person to congratulate so many people on the happiest day of their lives.
Won't this be the third year in a row where the Rams have changed their primary back? Daryl Richardson, Zac Stacy, Tre Mason and now Gurley? 

I suppose it's a non issue as the Rams have not had a problem getting production out of their backs, but it's strange to think they'll be going into another season with yet another back. 
Clowney
Pick is in! 
Stream?

Wilkerson may be traded. Could get another 1st round pick out of it
Is it just me, or does Adam Schefter sound like Alan Bestwick? Like I imagine if Alan Bestwick had a cold, he would sound just like Schefter.
AC meet DC shits about to get real. 
>Always have a plan ~~B~~C

-Seth Rollins
Green Bay 
TEBOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Please Peyton manning 
Not getting my hopes up/don't want to see it.
Did people expect different lol
Pick is in? C'mon Goodell you fucking slacker.
I just hope for Mettsiah's sake that someone offers a trade for him. I think he's good enough to get a legit shot. 
We're all in this together. 
I...I....don't understand 
Going with the black Hulk Hogan look.
Suzy Kolber is bae
I love when we draft Hurricanes!
Because, much like most of the past 30 years. The Bears have no fucking clue what they're doing. 
That's like your opinion, man.

I think that after tonight it's unnecessary though.
Gotta think Miami is going to take DeVante Parker. 

Parker, Stills, and Landry will be a really nice receiving corps. I bet this will be the year Tannehill completely breaks out.
Pffft you act like you've never been in Elmers when the bartenders shut everything down 3 hours early because they all went in on a back of coke and the guy they gave the money to never came back with the blow and they had to go look for him.
Jones falling further and further.. I hope
Doesn't matter, time to sell trucks, lite beer, and dick pills.
I agree. Plus, Kubes and dennison can make a 5th round pick be a pro bowler
slightly satisfied saints fan
Jets fans about to cream themselves.
Oh at least we didn't spend so much time without a first round pick that we forgot how to draft and wasted it on a guard in the top 5
NFL network is so shit
Yeah looks like Dallas with the black and white.
Jets are gonna take Williams :(

rb4
Please take Fowler, let Leonard Williams go to Oakland pleeeeeeease
He's really young... Let's see what Tomsula can get out of him. I get that it's not a sexy pick. I remember hearing a lot of this same shit when we picked Aldon. 
Shelton to the browns makes a lot of sense here. So it's not gonna happen probably.
Funny as hell.
lol Jenkins terrible in coverage? He shuts down #1 WRs a fair amount. Gets a lot of pick 6es. Sometimes he gives up big plays on a gamble...sometimes it's Mcleod's fault (as Fisher admitted). Tru is the worst our of our CBs. Jenkins > Gaines > Tru > (unproven Joyner)
they've been high on him forever, best wr in the draft and is already our best offensive weapon 
Who's that white lady he hugged?
STOP TAKING CBs, WE NEED ALL OF THEM.
damn i wanted him. i think he will be great
Trae bae bae!
Jon "Fuck You Mel Kiper" Gruden
there's a guy from penn state who looks pretty good we could probably get in the 3rd
I completely agree
Oh yeah, Day 3 picks don't usually have the strongest chance to make the team, but those are depth picks that can indeed provide player that fill roles on the team. Two of those kinds of picks can be significant.
Seems like a harsh thing to bring up.

"This is the best night of your life, remember that time your brother died?"
(Removed)
And yet here are folks, queens as you like to say, discussing their overall opinions of the uniforms.

So, what say you, Queen? 
Seconded until one of you other bastards pick.

Edit: Minus that whole "that was our pick" part. 
Exactly. I was playing you all along 
Pick is still in but I wouldn't be surprised. 
Totally agree I hope him and Kamar shine for you guys
OH, well, that means absolutely nothing to me...
I work in Wisconsin and everyone who lives there didn't say a word about the badgers until the final four. I wouldn't say they are crazy about basketball. 
OZZIE OZZIE OZZIE OZZIE OZZIE OZZIE OZZIE
I don't think he needs to be thrown straight into the fire, depending on whether Carr stays. We'll have Carr, Scandrick, White, Patmon and Jones, so he'll have to work his way onto the field this way. Which I guess they believe he can do, thanks to his athletic talent. I hope it's a good idea, but I've never watched him play.
1 in the 6th row and 2 in the 7th. 4 #1's since 99 and they've combined for 102 TDs, not even good enough for second row.
Nice pick. Bad as Washington's defence was last year, they had plenty of chances on offense but their running attack was just never all that scary.
I think everyone in the Giants draft room just started sweating profusely. 
Just got E'wrecked'
Still not sure why chargers jumped us... Polk and foster is enough not to need Gordon... 
"You know what he did..."

Poor choice of words there Boom.
We r dum
I know you wouldn't be wearing them but the best place for black jerseys would be in cold weather. I can't imagine wearing them anywhere else other than indoor stadiums. Those guys are hot enough as it is. 
[**@darrenrovell**](https://twitter.com/darrenrovell):
>[2015-05-01 01:11:05 UTC](https://twitter.com/darrenrovell/status/593945702348107776)

>New 49ers alternate jersey [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CD4eeCQUIAATJQX.jpg) [^[Imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/vzfsZRW.jpg)

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=http://reddit.com/34guzu%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

his arms are longer than Joe Thomas'
listed at 6'4" 269. I'm bigger than that. Not quite as good shape though.
who care if the qb is okay if everyone else is literally awful?
Wow. The last time the Bucs had the #1 overall pick was 1988?
LW gonna fall to us in the 2nd round. 
SLIGHTLY SURPRISED!!
Oh my god, I cannot wait to use this ~~tomorrow~~ later today. I'm going to bed
Fuuuuuuuck how did the Jets end up with this guy.
[**@RapSheet**](https://twitter.com/RapSheet/)

> [2015-05-01 02:29 UTC](https://twitter.com/RapSheet/status/593965345095831552)

> The \#Lions have traded their pick to the \#Broncos, who are on the clock

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Patriots picked Malcolm Brown.
Shaqs scout page. [Check out the top Facebook comment] (http://www.nfl.com/draft/2015/profiles/shaq-thompson?id=2552447)
Our plan is to have the greatest defense the NFL has ever seen. We're not going to rely on "quarterbacks" or "scoring with the football." Lock down the opponent and score every point off safeties
oh shit, mayock got it!
My bad
There are merits and drawbacks to both strategies. He was the best WR on the board, but there were also other great WRs still there. I feel we overvalued him.
He could commute from Chattanooga for that sweet, sweet public utility fios.
Lame, I wanted drama. 
*sh...shut up...*
Damn. At least we have a good WR prospect now 
What type of haircut did you get? Did you like it?
Mel Kiper irks me..
Ew. Don't like that pick.
Dammit. I even follow both of them on Twitter.
The pick is known before it's announced. As soon as the pick happens the NFL has to tell the next team who the previous pick was. The announcement comes 2-4 minutes later.
And half of the bald head
It's happening....

Please take Cooper Raiders, you need to help out Carr..please.
Yeah, baby! Time for a Bud Party!
Oh shiiiiiiit
Zygote guf
WUT
Pick is in...wtf! Hope its Leonard so that the Mariota frenzy begins

I do believe that was the dirty bird
Uhhh
Damn Damn Damn
I want to get off Chip Kelly's Wild Ride.
Vic Beasley: second flashiest dresser so far.
I like it. He seems raw but I love the character of the guy more than anything. 4 year player, team captain, seems really mature and smart. Its guys like this we need to build a team around, he reminds me of us picking Zach Martin last year (even thought he was a lot better) but reminds me of the character and good guy attitude! He might not be the best CB but he is pretty damn athletic, set the record for broad jump, 4.36 40. I am happy with this, further giving me faith in our management. 
Has to be the Colts drafting a WR
Gruden's lost some weight.
Admire your hustle
RUSSELL WILSON WAS A THIRD ROUND PICK SO IF WE TAKE SEATTLES PICK THEN WE GET A RUSSEL WILLSON. THE LOGIC IS FLAWLESS!
Alright man, difference between it being brought up every time over consuming the entire conversation. I get it he is a shit person, just the fact people can't say the guys name without people swarming and refusing to discuss any topic but how shit he is. Will say though love the Panthers, lot of my family are fans and the playoff game was fun as hell, glad noone got injured when he did what he did.
I feel like they should trade him...I'm not a fan of this for them 
Marcus Motorola
Eli needs to get some playoff seasons before you can say that. Ben needs to do the same. 

And Rivers needs at least 1 title before he's in. 
Good pick, that defense will be great
Chargers front office confirmed crack heads trying to further alienate SD fans. 
Ah, thanks.
Okay? I have lived here my whole life and Ybor is without a doubt the sketchiest place in Tampa. Literally witnessed a shooting last month, and trust me that's not the first or the last that I have seen in that area. I don't know where in Tampa you think is more sketchy, but you're wrong.
so original. did you really think of that all by yourself? amazing wit.
That is a dumb statement.
Go to the spoiler free threads if you don't want spoilers. There's no reason to shit on people for it. 
a team can pass on their pick and then jump back in and pick at any time they wish. 
God, if brown falls to us *swoon*

Or Phillips. Please, we need to replace The Fork.

Edit: YAY!
The tickets says that's our pick.
Can all of Philly collectively chill now?
https://internationalmedicalcorps.org/nepal-earthquake-donate?source=LBNEP1504

international medical corps good with you?

edit: well i hope so

http://i.imgur.com/XoosU0H.png
Poor guy barely got a chance
Lol I love Jameis.
Marcus MarioBro
Nah now they're gonna take cooper to screw with us
h
Looks like a bust to me 
Manny Remirez (G)

2015 1st (28th)

2015 5th Round 

2016 5th Round

Don't forget our extremely likable men's basketball team. [Their newest escapade.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7Svm9-ap7k)
Everyone was saying ILB, CB, and TE, so maybe he'll fit in somewhere
God. That's beautiful
Yes he did
Oh god I'm fucked!
NFC east needs beefing up, glad we took the guy they wanted. 
+ Jarvis Jones 
In ready for that *dododado, dadadodooodooo* sound.
Two minutes into the draft and I already want to cunt punch Kiper. Arrrrgh!

Hey Mel, the QB is NOT a CEO. Stop it already.
Wait Deion is doing interviews on NFLN?

Because if so, yea, fuck that. I'll stick with ESPN
there are no transcendent players in this draft?

welp lets all just go home
Jags don't fuck around 
As much as I love Jarvis and wanted him to succeed, the injuries and progression hasn't been on track and taking Bud Dupree was the best option. Pretty good chance of him becoming a stout leader of the defense.
I think that Chip would never take the #2 pick just in case the Bucs went sour on Jamis. Makes more sense to trade for your guy than to fight for #1 or #2 all the way from #20.

Just my hunch.
Andrus Peat, probably the best tackle that was left

HAHA that reaction was priceless.
One was at 31...the other at 4.
Seems like a really nice soft-spoken dude
Someone who makes me wish email confirmation was mandatory to post on reddit. 
LOL RAIDERS PLEASE
Omg please Kevin White to the Jets WVU fan dreams will be made true
I'm a Hawks fan 
WOOT! WOOT! Oh wait... :)
B U S T

U 

S

T
We aren't allowed to draft a QB unless we have the 23rd pick.
If we fuck this up...
what 
Great value pick even if DL is one of Jets strength. Williams was #1 on some peoples boards. 
Good fit for the Eagles in my opinion. 
Fucking thrilled he was still available at 32. Absolute no-brainer.
I'd hope so, he's in a good system to succeed
Is he eligible to be fined now?
good pick.
Fantastic trade
***Lions draft Laken Tomlinson.***
Can always use more line depth. And he'll learn from the Hulk so that's a big plus. I'm glad we went a safe route. Still need a pass rusher tho...
Old Style+Culver's curds final offer.
I hope he tears up the league
I love how the two ugliest fans in the crowd both nearly had heart attacks cheering when Winston was picked.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louis_Riddick
The mayor of Sacramento.
"Only team to select top 10 overall in each draft since 2008"

Sorry guys :( Much love from up north
YYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I agree. I'm so glad we didn't try to get a big name "rockstar" type. We just need a bunch of solid dudes who can play the game and protect the QB's. 

Skins fans - what's next in round 2? Guards? Defensive line? Safety? 
MariGOATa
Wow. That shocked me. I thought Parker or an offensive player to help out geno. But I guess this means they may be making some trades. 
[**@jwyattsports**](https://twitter.com/jwyattsports/)

> [2015-05-01 00:16 UTC](https://twitter.com/jwyattsports/status/593931905269166081)

> \#Titans taking Marcus Mariota

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

everyone wants to be like the cowboys
So I know the draft day jersey is out, when do the actual jerseys typically come out? After the player signs? edit: nevermind, that's damn quick. he will be #3. 
Actually, witnesses report that Aaron Hernandez was last seen leaving your house...


well alright!
And Chip Kelly sheds a single tear
They make it on the spot. They iron on the name when the pick comes in
Really? Didn't expect that
Man, if Mariota gets picked first hell is going to break loose.
Its alright we got Dupree I forgive you guys
Just the 1st hour.
Ok with CB pick but know nothing about him. Remember our CBs didn't play that well at times. Have to play against all those receivers in the AFC West. We can get a center later. 
Everyone keeps saying RIP Brady, but... RIP Tannehill. Our OL is trash.
It makes me sad, I root for the colts (and I really don't have a reason for it), and it just always seem so offensive focused to the point of hindering. 
Telesco has traded picks for Manti and Attaochu past two years. Look like horrible moves right now. Hopefully this one is different. Ugh.
So, the Vikinds should get Parker, right? Or Waynes?
Let's just move on to the 2nd Pick! 
they can't be completely true because you can't change helmet colors.
Time to fucking off him then I reckon. 
I thought he retired to a nice farm a few years ago?
More like nickel linebacker, but still
JESUS FROWNS ON YOU 
Seems like an unnecessary trade up, but idgaf. I'm down for this.
Did he say Mariato?
Oh I hate you. Leave my jags and our futility alone. Have we not ensured enough? 
Yeah, stupid ass pick. For a team to take a developmental prospect in the first when so many guys have retired is such a bad idea. The 49ers required a sure thing, but now they've got a guy that didn't do shit in college and will need time to be coached up assuming he ever does anything at all.
All YOUR LINEBACKERS ARE BELONG TO US!
Well, no matter what, we're looking good. Both of the DEs are there, Jones is there and Malcolm Brown is there. We need DT, DE and CB. 4 guys, 3 picks to go.
Good thing cutler is throwing to him.
Well he said on his AMA he wanted to live in LA. Maybe the guy gets his wish. Good luck to him. 
I love it already
I don't believe it. Nobody is worth that much 
Apparently this pick is very ironic according to Mayock. 
No anger. 
is that his baby mama?
***BRONCOS SELECT SHANE RAY***
Aw yissss
Who we gonna draft to play with Tebow guys?
This one leaves me scratching my head... They have Alex Mack already. Where do you move Erving? Or do you move Mack?
I thought we were rid of that NFL fan bandwagon commercial, but the NFL refuses to let it die. 
Loved his reaction. Like a 20 year old kid who's dreams are coming true. He was so giddy.
Not a fan of this look, but that's just my opinion.
How can you call that a bad pick? The guy had a career ending injury two years in. That's not on Reese.
Good team for Shane Ray to go to, but my gut just tells me he'll be unremarkable.
I made the mistake of posting in the Ravens sub first. Can't compete with the Danny glover, predator comment though.
Mariota to Eagles.
He's Hawaiian. So Pacific Islander
Well ain't that the pot calling the kettle black
Official statements I just (cherry) picked up on in /r/TennesseeTitans - 

"One of the worst blunders in NFL draft history. That front office needs to go."

"My fiancee said he was very pretty...so we got that going for us."

"Total wasted pick. We would've been fine with Mett if we had a good offensive line outside of Lewan...."

All had multiple upvotes.

With Robinson, Captain, and Terrance "The Grandfather" Newman. Lots of youths, lots of depth. Just need to find a MLB on day 2 and the Vikes have a legitimate shot at a top 5 defense.
All my sources tell me that Armstead will be a major bust. Fuck my life.
OVER THE MOON WITH THIS PICK!!!!
That doesn't mean they weren't interested in Mariota. That is such a ridiculous statement. 
W
Trade Cooper to us for a 7th. 
Touchdown DeVante Parker!

burn the couches
No one wants to be Geno Smith again, however unlikely it seems it will happen to you. 

Poorly. I am being downvoted hard for being very pessimistic on the ravens sub, but I am very disappointed in this pick and am not a fan of getting a replica of a player we couldn't improve. Especially with who was still on the board.
Somehow looks like an overweight Will Smith.
There's like a 50% chance that the Skins fuck this up and pick someone else right?
I hope the Eagles still take another QB.
Kiper's have been stupidly off though. 
Packers drafted S Damarious Randall 
In bob I trust 
This is the man with the plan right here 
Well shows what I know haha.
Your pick was okay value, I just think Randall and HHCD is redundant. 
I love that they're replaying the Marioto sound clip.
Whenever you play the Cowboys.
Are either of their guards from last year going to start ahead of Ramirez or Tomlinson?
He has to be. I mean, if he went later in the draft, sure, but at 17? Damn...
http://reddit-stream.com/comments/34gjfz/
My money is on Rams trading back. Not a whole lot of high end value left. They'll clean up adding a 2nd rounder or something.
One can only hope 
Hey he'll eat up two dudes easily 
Kiper: "Honestly, this is quite a shock. Everything I heard said Lebron Jones and Kobe Smith were frontrunners for the Carolina Panthers."
Just curious, when you say "won" the tiebreakers does that mean they finished with the more undesirable result or how does that work?
I'm a big fan of Waddle. (I'm a Texas Tech fan) and I was hoping he wouldn't be replaced. 
Thanks 
MARCUS....MARIOTO... 


????
She is banned from /r/Browns 
How many RBs do the Rams need?!
I hate how they do that. Did the same thing with Kevin White. They know what's about to happen and then they're like "oh...what about a running back...wink wink"
How is Goodell getting paid as much as he is and then he mispronounces Mariota
The guy at Tenn looks like a dweeb 
AJ Cann
Lol and Cutler .... sorry sorry that was a good joke
DID HE NOT PLAY WELL IN BETWEEN MURDERS?
This is a good comparison to his situation; doesn't mean Jones will be the next Poe, but that's what this pick is.
St Pete is pretty tame compared to other nightlife in Florida though. Jameis will be fine.
Please tell me how Goodell can pronounce Ogbuehi's name, but not Mariota's? Or Oregon for that matter.
I know, that's only like our 15th first round pick in the last 16 years. Belichick trades out every time. /s
"Nothing could stop this kid... other than his ACL injury"
wait tho this said 17
I still have faith in Antonio Allen as sort of a Safety/LB hybrid too.
As was Bill Cowher. Just being linked to coaching openings doesn't make you a talent evaluator. 
This is so incredible. We would never have taken Peters and Jones is still there. Please baby Jesus please.
Calm Down guys. Goodell is just nervous. He doesnt know when he'll be drafted.
Eventually
A first round RB would have been a worse pick.
#BOOOOO
Uhhhh no? There's a reason Manning has 1 Superbowl win and it's because he kept dragging his sorry ass defense to the playoffs. 
Who was 32nd in Qb rating since 2011?
The red rocket.
I am not happy.
"I'm literally Jesus" - Kevin White
Jesus, Mary, and Joseph in a small dugout canoe! We could get Leonard Williams!
Great pick. Where does the first crazy thing happen though? 
GOD WE GET IT BOOOOO
That's why there is so much parity. Everyone in the NFL copies each other.
And we play Williams next year too... RIP in peace Carr.
We signed CB Cullliver and S Goldson. Your point still stands, but OL has always been a huge need, and it became a bigger need now that we have power running Gruden stuck with zone running Shanhan OL.
He's from Nigeria 
pls chargers
Oh, shit.
Beats and Publix
Hayward or Hyde outside then?
Stop interviewing him and go announce the pick JESUS 
How? LeBeau isn't their DC anymore.
Did Amsterdam burn down in a blaze of glory? 
There..there..
I only do that when they don't pick the guy I think they'll pick. I actually have a little thingy written for a couple possible picks on every spot. Like with the Browns is Shelton and Brown.

If they go off script, my mind gets blown.
ugh the NFL Live "Social Media" analyst is just awful.
And still lots of defensive players open for us
Well not like they are announcing the picks on ESPN while we are on commercial lol
As a Ravens and UK fan. Fuck.
http://www.nfl.com/draft/2015/live
seems like a reach but I like it 
Oh thank God Parker is still on the board.
BREAKING: TOM BRADY RETIRES
These fans are amateurs at booing
Is he planning for reality tv after the NFL? That's the only reason to have 8 kids.
I think it'd be fun to see Sammi playing alongside Cooper with Carr throwing to both of them. Mack and Williams would have been an awesome defensive tandem, though. 
Soooooo, is the plan to never ever run the ball and just lean on Luck and a stupid stacked receiving corp? Crazy pick. 
lolraiders
You have to provide your cable information for it which I don't have
Are you?
He did say pre-draft that he'd only take a QB if he felt that they could start day one.
He was supposed to be ours! 
As well he should have
Yeah. And he's not getting resigned because it'll cost too much
No trades at all yet huh?
And WR, Houshmandzadeh
Game on!

...

Seriously though, don't hurt them. Please?
oooohhhh. It's still a great pick 
Louis Riddick is so much better than Ray Lewis. I hope he takes his draft panel spot permanently.
Typical Packers self-centered "everyone is one of us!" comment.
Steven Jackson?
EISEN IS BROKEN!
Not...quite what was planned
Welcome to Dallas. 
Lol i dont have any positive memories of Newman. Frustrated the hell out of me his last couple years. 
Yeah after watching Gruden's breakdown Im not worried.
Kiper will not be happy
Kendricks though
Chris Borland

http://i.imgur.com/ubHmK1p.jpg

Gettlemagic.
Wut
Nah. That's just for the lowly plebs who didn't get into the theatre to hang out. It's all inside.
I hate this format where we have to wait for Gooddell. What a horrible idea
They don't have Bradford so they need somebody who will keep tearing his ACL(s).
It is sad that a grown man has to have babysitters 
dude not cool. don't wish injury upon anyone, just an ass kicking. 
Can the Browns draft JFF again and pretend like last year didn't happen.
Made it a bit easier to get.
God I love Berman
Plus he's decent under pressure, just can't get big plays going but that comes down to YAC too.
Eh, there was a decent chance we were gonna cut Ramirez, and we have comp picks for days so 2 5ths is nothing
I agree with this. 
Personnel wise, I'd be shocked if we didn't run a 3-4 under. 


Brown will be the 3T DE.


EDIT: 3-4 Eagle, not Under. Brown and Easley at 4i, Siliga at 0T.
NOOOOOOO. This is an exceptional pick for them. Damn.
Damn you guys are negative about everything ESPN does. 
Man I really wanted this dude on my team.
Get Goodell on already so people can start booing.
Bruce Willis is dead the whole time, happy?
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAH SKINS
My bad, didn't know a Pats fan would be aware of the Cleveland Indians 10 cent beer incident :|
There's going to be some serious talent left over at the beginning of the 2nd round tomorrow
I trust the NYG talent evaluation enough that this might be a sign of a really good pick
Da Boos 
Hahahahahahahahaha
Broncos = unstoppable now
I'm so scared.
boom! roasted!
Uh I'm pretty sure it was us that took down the Nazis and also won the Revolution.
Dropping 19 spots, has to be a nice haul to do that.
Can Mettenberger catch, run or block?
Malcom?
GET SOME
lmao at the DGB guesses
What is with the downvotes?

I don't think Rams will get much for him, if anything.
WOW. For sure I thought they were going with Parker
The Dolphins logo is black and white now? Ok
I haven't seen a commercial all night on the Xbox one stream of the NFL network.
Is he not a fan or something?
I like it. Gotta go to the right clubs, cause it can get very ratchet in the wrong ones
I was about 99.9% sure that the Vikings were going to drag a fourth-round pick out of the Browns to swap positions. "You *do know* that Teddy and Parker are BFFs, right?"
FYI, the reason the raiders didn't take him is that he has Labral tears in both shoulders. 
I was told there would be trades
I mean, they are both black right?
I'm happy, time to get drunk!
Every 49ers fan the last month. 

Stahp mocking Armstead to us. Gosh, do you even know our FO like I do?
"Andrus, any dead siblings to talk about?"
Like some WWE crowds do for Rusev. Just every time he pauses, "WHAT!?"
Original. Real original. I can't wait to make fun of that guy at work who wears that. 
well carr has to throw to some one tho
Went to high school with the guy. Every interaction I had with him was so great because I was on the Academic Decathlon team and here is a future NFL player really interested in what I did and hoping I did well. Detroit, you got a great human being today.
Flashy name
Jones is already gone
Son of a bitch
Dats a big muthafucka
How are the Rangers doin?
Im guessing Jags really liked Fowler if they arent waiting for trade offers
That Clemson team was so loaded 
MGIII
which is why im laughing
Where does Parker fall? 
Yes. It's the NFL lol.
DAMMIT STOP TAKING CORNERS GUYS
Did it just say it's commercial free? As it was coming back from commercials?
Damn he looks sad lol
Merry Football Christmas, everyone!
Sucks for that fan I saw on ESPN earlier who had his name on a #5 jersey.
so glad i'm not a TB fan
is the plural of Marcus Marcii?
On a side note, does greg Robinson look worthy of that number two pick so far?
Which is why Mayock>Kiper and Mcshay. 
One year surrounded by Revis, McCourty and Browner washed it off.
Marcus MariotO?!?!? 
It gets longer each year. In a decade, there will be one night each year dedicated to each player.
You guys are fuckin lucky to be able to deciede between Cooper and Williams
fuck you in the butt.

Bud Dupree to the Texans! How fucking perfect! 
Hi
Bears gotta take White.
So I guess Whalen is gone.
how tiny?
Not until our pick. There's a chance the Eagles can trade and get Mariota still.
nfl.com/live has a free stream of the draft by the way
First hour only :(
#Whodat!!! 
So... we drafted balding Torrey Smith? 
Gordon... Lol gross
If they're gonna convert him to a CB I'm not mad at this.
[high ankle sprain](http://espn.go.com/nfl/story/_/id/7116410/st-louis-rams-sam-bradford-boot-high-ankle-sprain)
That DLine...
First ever #1 overall pick for the Noles!

FSU is also the first school to have [three consecutive QBs drafted in the first round since the NFL-AFL merger: Winston, Manuel, Ponder](https://twitter.com/FSU_Football/status/593931312689455105)
Luck confirmed for 7,000 passing yards next season. 
I want to see Death Cab.
Has Jon Gruden completely forgotten we have Trent Williams? Scherff isn't going to play LT.
He looks like a linebacker not a tackle
What the fuck is taking them so long to announce these picks?
Just take OL and get out of the way!
I think Waynes just made me a little gay.
[Mariotto](http://i.imgur.com/uImTDN2.png)
Well, that was an awkward opening.
It's amazing how much I cheer for Duke football and against Duke basketball. 
drafting todd gurley =(
HA
They've learned from fantasy football
I'm always surprised that Jerruh's ego and Chris Christie's fat fucking ass can fit in the same room, but I guess maybe that's why the Jerrydome has to be so gaudy and enormous
Haha but in all seriousness I'm expecting an o lineman to protect bortles for the jags next pick, the afc south(texans) defense is starting to freak me out
Lmao at all the SF fans that said Baslke wouldn't pick this guy. Yall were so sure of yourselves 
I still think [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DttfyOeU3vw) is the funniest video involving what players say on the field.
BEER!!
He's like 45 now, man.
You should be happy, that means they got their guy and didn't have to think about it.
I've seen Mason mocked to you guys several times. But even if you don't go one in the first, Zimmer is great at developing the secondary. So even a later round CB could be great for y'all!

Edit: I meant Waynes
No try to trade down. 
Timeloop!
Flair up asshole. Cooper is bad ass
WHO TUCKS THEIR JERSEY INTO THEIR JEANS?!!
I currently go to your rival down the street! It's kinda cool to see a kid so close be so successful. 
Yeah but who is [she?!](http://imgur.com/PwH3tpG)
Where the hell are all the trades I was promised? 
"No one is that stupid, mariota must be jesus"

-Titans 
Falcons are taking Beasley.
Oh you are the worst kind of person. I now have three different variations of Danny Shelton having a pine cone in his ass in my search history. 
Damnit... leave the DE's alone.
Mcconaughey was helped by the magic space future people who used the time closet to send him the truth about the old lying man because it was love the whole time. 
The U 2.0 
Jags came ready PICK IS IN
"Shit."
- Tom Brady
http://giffiles.alphacoders.com/197/197.gif
Smart pick. Him and Mike Evans mmm.
Worst draft ever, I'm still waiting for that shoe.
Chicago you need to BOO. Did you not watch tape of how New York does it. 
Finally a fucking offensive lineman 
My impression of his board is that he was ranking their skills, not predicting where they'll be drafted.

He still seems way off though.
Our O line was phenomenal late last season everyone likes to pretend we still suck there
Im confused. Explain? 
Only the Browns.
I don't get that bet

you had no chance to win it

do you love haikus?
its like their super bowl, let them enjoy it
Pics pls
Who dat?
Yeah I'm a 9ers fan. I just like meddling with other team's selections as if I was a fan.
Fuck it, have a five man line and use them both.
If Malcolm brown is there at 27.........

I need this in my life 
How the hell did they not take Gurley 
Not really. 
Rational? Did you see what he offered to the Titans?
Unless we intend to carry six corners, Mo has a hell of a way to go to prove he belongs on the team. That injury is definitely no joke, and it wouldn't surprise me in the slightest if it took him until the 2016 season to totally recover. Couple that with his complete ineptitude so far, and I think we're deciding between cutting Carr and Claiborne this offseason.
Is the Pope catholic?
Dammit :(
Mariota looks so nervous.
Or one of the other 200 "California is sliding into the Pacific" movies.
[Will this do?](http://blog.robballen.com/images/blog_robballen_com/WindowsLiveWriter/Wellcolorme_9893/image_89f853d6-51c7-4d57-b2ec-06f4c3d43a59.png)
No idea why this got down voted, it's hilarious.
Yeah, but I think even if we were looking at one or the other, they feel like smarter picks than Manziel. Maybe I'm using too much hindsight though.
Oh shit, forgot about Byron Jones. Even with the ridiculous combine, he's a little bit of a reach though in the first.
Titans just took all the fun out of tonight. No reason to watch. we can read about it in the paper
incoming comments about blonde girl...
NO FUCK YOU WE'RE A BPA TEAM NOW Thanks to MacDaddy
This draft need more guns and shit Zzz
BURN THE WITCH.
Getting Williams, Cromartie, and Revis is quite a fucking upgrade on D
It seemed to be in a positive light though, talking about how teams vet guys and stuff...Agt least they didn't mention JFF
Gotta feel for Goodell here. Must be sad to be booed at at your entry
hopefully he never has to take it off 
holy shit detroit is building a crazy offensive line 
All the way to Carolina....
Spoiler free thread asshole
no you're not, people were very dubious on the manziel pick
Your mom went to high school. 
Fuck yeah I did
Mel seems pretty pissed off about Jameis Winston 
The overrated label came from mocks having him in the top 15. I believe Baltimore is a good fit for him considering Flacco is a good deep ball passer and T.Smith is gone.
Fuck everything, I just want to stick my penis in a blender right now.
Yep you sure nailed it!
I can only see the Cowboys logo in the grayscaled Houston logo.
I have a tinfoil hat theory that Chip or someone in Philadelphia got frustrated that Tennessee was stringing them along, so leaked this absurd trade to make the fans pissed that the Titans wouldn't pull the trigger.

These guys don't make shit up, there's always some source from somewhere. I don't understand the value in leaking this to the media unless you're someone trying to generate bad publicity for the Titans.
Everything else aside, the helmets looks *terrible* with these.
YAYYYYYYYYYY
"I (the fan) wanted the team to pick a certain player/position that they didn't. The GM doesn't know what he's doing." 

You act like your GM hasn't spent the last few months researching every prospect in the United States in order to correctly choose here. One day of work for him was your entire scouting knowledge.
Much better hands.
Operation coddle RGIII, phase 1 complete.
Cox and Kendricks I could have delt with, its the other #1, the #2's and more "players/picks". That's just desperate.

The truth is a chimpanzee could be our QB all season and we still have enough weapons to win 5 games.
My world has shattered. All I wanted was a seven team trade involving at least 16 first rounds picks moving around. And now we wait for the Pats to trade down.....
Comcast Sports NE said something about the Pats trading out of 32 -- what was that all about? Anyway, I was positive either the Colts, Packers or saints would get Brown and he would trade down or draft Diggy. 
Yeah but he got rid of Foles and Desean, and is also likely trying to get rid of Kendricks so maybe not so much on the whole Pac-12 thing
WOWWWWWW
I have to admit, as someone around their age I would do some stupid shit for a while with that much money.
Rams, I've been riding the hype train for you guys for three years. Please show out, because I love what your team has done.

/r/NFL, get some dual flairs going please.
Interesting pick, definitely a great talent though.
YOU DID NOT JUST COCKBLOCK US BRONCOS
I didnt think that Johnson would go that high but he definitely is a good player.
Yes, you did
Seriously though, it's like Samoans are bred to only be wrestlers or football players 
STABILIZE THAT FUCKING THING
2 fifths and Manny Ramirez (as well as the 28th overall)

...Oh God, you made their PR guys' job so much easier
i'm suprised Cooper wasn't surrounded by hundreds at home...simple guy
God dammit. Some asshole just texted me the Cowboys pick. PSA: turn off your phones.
HE LOOKS LIKE ONE OF THOSE IOWA LINEMEN!
Hey perverts, stop talking about the girl behind Mariota
Errors are common.

Just as common, it would seem,

As Paul Blart Mall Cop.
If the Colts can score 7 TDs a game with their fast WR's it doesn't matter. 
Give him time. Brady only completed one pass his rookie year.
DATS RACIST!
Gregory/Strong maybe Collins if we're serious about trading Swearinger.
OMGWTFBBQ
this makes no sense
Just like how Cal fans felt during the Tedford era.
Time for constant trade rumors
Oh yeah!
Damn I was hoping the cardinals would take him 
Uh, Shane Ray broke all of Sam's records.
It wasn't a positional need for THIS YEAR, but with the impending contract stuff with Wilkerson they were able to pretty much have all the leverage in negotiations. 
Man The Draft has really jumped the fucking shark. Gold carpet wtf
Missouri. Didn't play last year.
Well he did seem a bit shocked when the Vikings took him so maybe it was just some conflicting emotions. I'm sure he'll be great for us though.
Goddamn that Taco Bell ad got fucking annoying fast
Nationwide insurance?
reddit is full of retards that think they are intelligent. The top comments are just dick jokes and puns. Reddit comments are worse then 9gag these days. 9gag's comments are more informative and are on topic.
Good idea Jags lets move it along and get to Atlanta's pick.
"We are good at wr"

Drafts overrated wr
looks right to me
Shutdown secondary
Danny Shelton suspended the 2015 season for assaulting the commissioner.
To replace B Marsh, makes sense.
[Let the chaos begin](http://gfycat.com/SmallNegligibleAfricanrockpython)
LOVE that pick for the Vikes. Awesome.
We're actually pretty deep on oline after fa. Front 7 got some big holes to fill
So Jelly... Wanted him so bad.
Yeeeeeee !

We are getting Cooper or Williams !
Andrew Luck accidentally hung up on the Colts as well.
4th rounder isn't really a late round pick. That's an awesome deal for the niners.
Laken Thompson looks like he's 40
What do I know? Ask [Sam Bradford.]( http://a.espncdn.com/photo/2011/1025/nfl_i_bradford01jr_200.jpg) 
Why? 
I vaguely remember them doing this last year, but it was different from the TV stream. Do you know if it's the same?
If this kid gets his act together he will be a beast
Chris Berman during the draft
How can't Goodell pronounce the name of one of the most publicized players in the draft correctly
He's actually [Salacious B. Crumb](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Salacious_B._Crumb)
Go away
[Posted on the sub](http://www.reddit.com/r/Chargers/comments/34h4pm/bet_lost_drinking_own_pee_because_we_drafted/)
AMEN!!!!
With the 12th pick in the 2015 NFL draft, the Cleveland Browns unpick Johnny Maniel. 
That defensive line tho!
sweet justice
Wow, I didn't know that. Watching him play, I always felt he was good, but was really surprised when his name came up as a 1st rounder following the combine. Maybe he's more ready than I anticipated.


woooow

Impressive, given that, you know, he's not dead.
What the fuck just happened? Did the Colts just auto-draft a WR?
Marcus Marinono
oh yeah all the time. 
Except our DL won't suck
He wasn't good in the slot either. He did say he didn't listen to Zim last year and will now. I expect him to rebound, same with Linval.
Way to boo, Chicago!
Wonder what the jets will get for Wilkerson 
I survived the Millen era. I'll be okay. Hopefully we can keep Staff upright and get a run game going with our second pick of a HB :)
Shane Ray is great if he stays clean. A real steal. 
Gruden going hard!!!
Let's hope they don't forget to make a pick. 
Yeah, I feel like you guys shit the bed bad here.
Salary cap.
Trade you White and one ton of Tortoise food for all of 'em.
Don't forget Cunningham!
You is a funny man!
Good pick for the Bucs. At least one Bucks team will have a good night :(
So that 49ers-Raiders game last season...winner gets gold, loser gets black?
Jebus. Could break rocks or split logs with that chin.
Absolutely not. It was Schreff.
That's a damn good point, but is proven Kelly was willing to sell the farm for Mariota? Or just speculation?
what the fuck, grigson's going to make me drink on a thursday night. Wide receiver was the least of our needs. NT and S, two HUGE needs, have players fall into our laps and we completely fuck up. Un fucking believable.
That was easily the dream scenario for Atlanta
he hardly saw the field at all the second half of the year last year anyways
Is Green Bay going to pick Malcolm Brown?
Edit: Or Colts for that matter
boooo. get the name right man!

Lol gettin them commercials in as much as possible now
If you get Williams, will you still boo? 
GET OUT
Cooper pls
Only thing I can think of is if someone else was trying to trade into that spot and San Fran just played them against San Diego who they knew wanted him.
Only problem is that it wasn't a positional need, so the impact he has isn't quite as large as some other big steals will probably have.
Because Gruden's well known for his understated style. 
Pac-12* fans, how good is this guy? I watch the B1G so I'm out of the loop for people on the west coast.
He looked at the card and still had a confused look on his face 
Piece of crap pick. Only the Panthers would pick a special teamer in the first round.
NOOOOOO
It's 8:02 and there have been no trades. This 1st round is bullshit!
http://img.pandawhale.com/100953-Michael-Scott-NO-gif-Imgur-C7Xd.gif

Edit : I want to thank our lord and savior the New York Jets.
**SUDDENLY, ASHTON KUTCHER BURSTS OUT FROM BEHIND THE CURTAIN!!!**

#"SURPRISED, NINERS FANS? GUESS WHAT? YOU'RE ON *YORK'D*"!!
Wow... I guess the plan is to get someone open before the rush has a chance to get to Cam?
Unintentional dark humor. 
bud dupree

Those boos keep me warm at night 
Better hope the Eagles want Perriman...
Sooo...... Rams?
Somehow offering other teams picks too. We don't know how 
I think they should take Marcus
~~eerily similar~~ Exactly the same


Your QB must have been pissed when you sacked him.
Yo, Texans fans, we might be trading back into the first. Just a heads up.
Works for me.
FUCK YEAH!! THANK YOU RAIDERS!!! HAHAHA
RIP Brady and Tannehill
"Hes shown 'Pro Bowl' flashes"
Afc east front 7s are fucking dominant, these games will be brutal, where we have an edge is TB12, and there is also this guy named Gronk. 
I have to wonder where they're going to play Scherff.
Just got taken down unfortunately. Feel like they've been cracking down on streams so quickly lately 
Man, I still remember when that happened. It was pretty damn big news. Shelton was still in HS, had already signed his letter of intent, and after it happened, a bunch of the UW coaches went down and stayed with his family overnight to help comfort him and keep him focused on the idea that a college scholarship was better than revenge.
His teammates will love him!
Jets: "if we can't have a qb we're going to break everyone else's"
why?
Sheard is most likely better than both though. I see him taking over a lot not just being a sub because he can rush the passer very well and is very good against the run and just overall better than Jones and Nink. We're insanely deep though with Brown and Easley in the middle as well though.
agh, I was hoping the Giants wouldn't add more to their o-line, that's how we beat them twice last year
i think i heard the word 4th in the background
no sense at all
BUT THEYRE EXPERTS
Good pick for the Saints imo. 
Why is the Cowardly Lion singing?
This will either go very well, or very badly. Little middle ground there, IMO.
And Marshall is a distraction, getting old, and now we have two young and capable WRs going forward, and will not have to worry about that position (hopefully) for some time. 

Its not the sexiest pick, but its a good one. 
How many defensive players have the Jets drafted in the first round since 2005 now?
Holy shit. Thanks I was wondering. I wonder who Chip would've taken.
Why "at least"? There's no world in which they're getting three. Did you mean "At least 2, and at most 2" lol?
Let's enjoy our last moment ever of likely Gurley.

There.

LOL PLEASE DRAFT KEVIN WHITE
Lets see your mock.
One can hope. 
Browns, Eagles and Titans all draft Marriota and he spits time between all teams during season
OVECHKINGGGG
Whoa - Redskins fans are dying now! Cooper for Carr! Wow!
Fuck it, let's get them all here.
I thought we weren't doing phrasing anymore.

I bet under 5.5 WRs taken round 1. Did not expect colts to fuck me. 
Plus-sized Polumalu?
If Gurley was really good at rushing the QB I would be concerned that they didnt pick him.
Clutch as Brady. Awesome. 
Yeah, Williams definitely goes here, no doubt about it 
Now that that is over with, the real fun begins
I go to UW and from what I hear he is an incredible basketcase. He physically fought with coaches from what I've heard. 
??? Sorry, Calvin: Rhodes Closed. Also?

http://www.nfl.com/videos/nfl-game-highlights/0ap1000000067601/Megatron-drops-touchdown
I like you, you cool.

EDIT:

Tagged as "cool Browns fan"
He was mocked to the Eagles at 20 in Peter King, Mike Mayock and Bob McGinn's mocks. The ESPN guys weren't high on him but it seems like most mocks had him going before the Packers picked.
Nice try m8
Is gruden there to shit on the picks? 
And the rich gets richer. 
2 guards for the price of 1, and we got two more bonus picks. A+
de[fence](https://i.imgur.com/yei6Sh.jpg)
Yeah, *pshht* loser. I bet all the football players picked on him in school.
Hoping dockett smith and tomsula coach him to be a beast. Those 3 are such good teachers. Personally I'm excited for this oyoke and armstead are boom or bust but I think high upside due to people around him 

Awesome -- now that #1 is out of the way, the fun may begin!
ps FUCK KIPER
Snyder hasn't had a 1st round pick in so long that I think he panicked.
In case you forgot: http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/04/16/sports/errors-in-inquiry-on-rape-allegations-against-fsu-jameis-winston.html?_r=0
It's not loading, but I assume it's Steve Harvey with that dumb look on his face after someone says something inappropriate.
J.Smith replacement?
I'm really happy with this pick. We knew it was coming but it's still nice. I liked Dupree but this was so needed
Just announce the picks!
He's his own dysfunctional weapon.
Haha Clinton Deezy? Burnett? Maybe they're planning on doing a reverse McCourty?
Damn. Tannehill didn't need this shit
Seeing his mom cry was so sweet. Wish him the best
/r/nhl 
Yep, he switched from LT to center part way through the year because of a center injury at Florida State.
I think of warren more as potential to be one of the all time greats and injuries hampered that. He was absolutely great, probably not worthy of a bust. I was simply trying to say the Pats don't miss often in the 1st and even if they do, the players are usually very good. 
or a relief as an eagles fan
Kiper seemed super salty about JW right before the pick, I thought his hairnet was going to take flight and buzz around the set.
On lust. 

Lotta alpha in that building. 
WHAT IS HAPPENING I DIDNT SEE THIS COMING AT ALL
Are you all ready for some booos?
idk imo 4 is too early for any wr
Operation Kill Brady
Sexy 
Good pick Jacksonville. I wish I knew what it was like to be happy about a decision your F.O made
Because fuck your quarterback son.
His music career did. 
Whoever said that is an idiot.
Yeah. Some young players with upside.
I don't really understand our pick given that we really need a pass rusher and we already have a great LT and solid RT. But I trust in our GM.
TY for Wilkerson and the Jets 3rd rounder. That's the only way I could possibly rationalize our pick.
This dude is skinny as fuck for a RB
Sorry Cowboys. 
I'm starting to like this guy
it is!!! 
OH MAN RAY!!!!!
MariotO. Lmfaooooooo
Hopefully he can tackle.
If they faced each other in college, Peat would have eaten Beasley alive. He is far and away the better player of the two.
yeah but most of that's not guaranteed money, so we can cut him after this season without really taking much of a cap hit

What if he failed the physical. 
If they go to fucking commercial after this...
Sky sports 3 are using that feed
So the Rams are essentially gonna play the 3 RB play set...
I love the Redskins pick. I feel icky.
I think I read that Ware is going to OLB with Wade Phillips 3-4 coming to Denver, so I'm really hoping all three can be on the field together and cause some mayhem. 
Anything to make a pats fan whine amirite? 
Im salty that because Claiborne was such a bust they had to go CB. I just hope the keep the OL strong. Tyron Smith wont be around forever! 
nah man, it's not a bad pick really
Not real.
They can still trade.
http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/jcwd.gif
***TRADE TRADE TRADE***
I can imagine the pain, buddy :(
No offense, but the Titans have so many holes on their team that they could have loaded up on talent by doing that. Extend Kendricks and Cox, and rebuild the damn team! 
I pump gas down in Oregon, gonna have a ton of fun trolling the customers with this pronunciation.
Red rocket would be such a cooler nickname... if south park hadnt spoiled it
Jesus Jax were quick
So Peat going to play LG?
willams keeps falling
Unfortunately Jones is destined to succeed Roethlisberger and lead them to multiple super bowls. 
haha, woops
Dwayne Jarrett *sigh*... Thanks for that reminder.
Chargers give up 1st in 2015, 4th in 2015 and 5th in 2016 to move up 2 spots from 17 to 15.
Tell me about it. No fun.
You belong here: http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34gjek/2015_nfl_draft_nfl_network_no_spoilers/
Daaaamn when's the first crazy trade gonna happen? Seems like it's already too late for a "craaazy" trade to actually happen...
I mean, you can just run the ball all game and outscore us every time. 
It's a bit behind no?
I really don't understand why the picked Scherff at 5, even if he's all-pro at some point, they're picking him to play either guard or RT.
Probably on crutches
Jets not booing? What?!
OROY: Jameis Winston TB

DROY: Shane Ray DEN
Wtf man 
Nah too much $$
Per wilde they are
ALL GONNA BE PRO BOWLERS???
Elway makes moves drafts Mariota, just because.
Powerbeats by Dre.
Kinda wish the NFC East would quit drafting offensive linemen. 
Mind games.
Most of us were. I love that guy.
Bucky Brooks has nearly lost his voice and we're barely 20 minutes into this thing.
Fuckin nailed it
you are worse
Allegedly
There's like a hundred of them left.
Has it been tradition to boo the commissioner in general, or just Goodell?
this was a bad pick
Collins girlfriend.
I totally forgot about Shelton.
That's not how it works Mooch. Not everyone in the draft becomes a Pro Bowler.
That's a really low bar to surpass though
Greco is already a top 15 guard according to PFF, or at least at some point when I looked during the season. The OL is solid all the way through. You don't use a first round pick on insurance, or leverage, or a 6th lineman.
I walked right into that one, didn't I?
Well he has one you volunteered. Lets make this happen. 
So many Williams 
He has gotten everything wrong except #1
well maybe they played SD and told them they got a call
http://imgur.com/JYqIK1p
Picks still leaked on twitter all night.
I feel like best player available was Malcolm Brown.
I know right? I'm pretty happy they wasted their first round pick
is he Catholic or something?
A 5th, a 5th and Ramirez? 

Sounds like a good deal for both teams. 
I'm an NC State student that bowl game was insane too
Thank you for raising my hype, friend!
Hey
/r/patriots 

meet

/r/LonghornNation 

Hook'em \m/
I agree with you about Stacy but he had some good games. Tre was a fucking beast for you in limited action. And after watching him at Auburn the year before, he is a workhouse who keeps churning. Gurley is a great back, but you have holes and running back isn't one

Edit: damn autocorrect
Listen to this guy, a Raiders fan would know what one looks like. 
They get skipped by the next team. Lets say the Bucs to it. Ten moves to #1 and TB to #2
There's no way Gordon or Gurley would've fallen that far to us. Also I would've been upset if we traded up. I'm ok with this so far
Wow I didn't know that. I don't follow college at all so i didn't know much but I've been saying for awhile we should get a DT in the 1st and glad we did. Can't believe the Colts didn't get him because that always seems like their biggest issue against the Pats. Our line is so versatile now though.
Solid pick. 
White reminds me of a smaller Calvin Johnson.
kinda odd. But hey could be the start of a fantastic 1-2 combo for years to come. 
Never played them. I figured it was pokemon but didn't understand most of what was going on.
But did you know jimmy graham used to play basketball? 
Patriots can still grab Collins 
lol Gruden calling him DYEL
Why would i want Williams 
YES FUCKING THANK YOU LORD JESUS
The early retirement of Chris Borland. :/
I was so worried
Yeah . . . trading up for a player caught with weed 3 days before the draft. 
Who is this bitch with the fingerless leather gloves?
I, for one, can't remember a player as memorable as this guy.

Capitals just scored at the last second to beat the Rangers 2-1
Man I hate this fanfare music video garbage. 
Damn it! I wanted him

Looks like I'll have to start paying attention to the NFC South
Murder investigation
lol

They raffled them this year I think. 
Used to bullseye them in my t-16 back home all the time.
Wow. What else do you want?
What a steal jesus.
Well, at least two are in the same city. Give him credit for that at least. And perhaps Florida was his alma mater? 

You a Lightning fan, btw? Congrats on the Game 7 win. I'm not really interested in the Eastern Conference (aside from Montreal), so I'll be getting my first taste of watching Tampa Bay play multiple times. 
Nashville, New York, Philly, Chicago?

Guy is gonna have fun no matter what.
Even though it was always possible I just didn't think it would happen. 
No way in hell
Honestly, I think we just shot ourselves in the foot. Not a direct hit to the foot, but enough to hurt us in the long run. I like Gordon but for the price we had to get him, I don't think it was worth it.

Hopefully I'm wrong and this guy tears it up on the field.
DAMMIT! 
Shitpost
SOMEONE HAS BASIC CABLE
Damn we already had to deal with Beast Mode, maybe Peterson with Cards, and now this guy. 
hes wearin red too! go birds
I donno.
THE PICK IS IN
LOL k
NOOOOOO 


Williams in NY....
chargers and niners swap firsts and niners get chargers 4th and 5th round pick of 2016
Agreed; depth move. Not sexy but practical. 
Pls no.
WATCH OUT NFL WE'RE ABOUT TO WIN THE MOTHERFUCKING SUPERBOWL

PARKER = RANDY MOSS
Danny Shelton
BB just drafts on hard mode. 
That was 2010
What the hell took Goodell so long
If I'm Cam, I run away from Gettleman and the Panthers at first opportunity. With a shitshow offensive line and only 1 receiver, they draft a tweener player at a position of strength? 

Edit: Meanwhile look at who Elway added to help Manning: Welker, Cody Latimer, Sanders...and this was with DT, Julius and Decker aleady on the roster. 
This lack of booing disturbs me
Can I play with TEBOW in Madden? 
Have the first two draft picks ever not been present at the draft when their name was called?
UH OH HERE WE ARE. MY BODY IS READY
Davante Parker.
you can say say that again 
It's bad over there. 
If only there were some way to have a backup center that didn't involve spending a first round pick.
mare-iota


We're sister franchises. We even color coordinate.
Bummed we couldn't grab Parker, but good trade by Baalke to move us from 15 since we couldn't get him.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Kansas city whyy
And I'll be pissed if they do. 
Cardale Jones for future 6th round HOF qb confirmed?
I'm livid *flips everyone's tables*
No way. I take that every single time and don't even say anything.
HOLY SHIT!

WE GET TO ACTUALLY CHOOSE BETWEEN WILLIAMS AND COOPER
love this pick. we need a leader and signal caller
Honestly don't know and don't want to say because my bias will have him going higher than he is probably worth. 
robert gallery?
I hear local Baltimore radio sports talk callers ragging on Ozzie, but my god would I love having a guy who stuck to BPA more often than not.
[Gored](http://cdn2.sbnation.com/imported_assets/1310569/footballgore.gif)
The IRS doesn't care if you're a drug dealer, pimp, mobster, etc. Just pay your taxes and they won't ask questions on where it came from.
Ball is life.
Worst case scenario we can pick Beasley I'm not even mad
BOOO
I wish I could drink right now it would calm the butterflies
The fact that the pick is already in makes me extremely nervous
*let the corners hit the floor, let the corners hit the floor*

RBs too, actually.
Just walks out to the NWO theme too https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Juqm94sUV_E
I don't know why everyone is downvoting you. We didn't really need any help on the line. I'm still trying to make sense as to why he was picked.
GET OFF MOBILE YOU PEASANT!
Why?!!?!?! Not a fan of this AT ALL.
Colts going WR is a surprise.
Joe throws lasers as well 
FUCK PEYTON MANNING, JUST RETIRE. 
Well no surprise really. I don't think Jameis is the right pick, but I have the feeling whoever the Bucs picked would have been the wrong pick.
Shane Ray is giving me douchebag vibes.
#M'ARIOTO 
8?? Wow.
Why him even having a 10% chance of him being innocent is more upside then most players past the forth round. 

Not to mention he will cost less then a failed late draft pick if he does end up being guilty.
Danny Shelton played for UW, not Utah.
I will die
if we get a pass rusher, you get a pass rusher
Jamarcus?
http://i.imgur.com/7XlFwU5.gif
THE GURLEY SWEEPSTAKES ARE NOW CLOSED
Good pick protect Brees
**NOW WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO**
Bud Dupree was a nice looking woman
Pls don't trade mo
That interview just made him one of my favorite dudes in the nfl. I hope he's able to improve the healthcare system in jamaica someday
Miami, sticking the tradition of their fine city have been complete jabronis and have used all of their time for a no brainer pick.
top kek
Why is Berman on the right side? I need a mirror of this stream
PLS LEONARD TO RAIDERS
The Jacksonville pick was the only surprising pick. 
The Titans are not taking Mariota, Chip should call their bluff and trade to get #3 instead.
They got him 
He doesn't sound Jamaican. 
You little rebel you
https://twitter.com/RobTornoe/status/593947078021279744?lang=en

In case you didn't see it 
Parker is gone most likely, but we have Dupree available
He could, but he would have to sit out a year and enter the draft again.
Attention other packers fans: 

how should I feel about this?
Yes, I figured they'd die out after the first couple. 
Fork Em Randall! Go Pack Go. Now lets get Jalen Strong tomorrow! TT and his 2nd round wrs
AND PARKER CONTINUES TO SLIP TO CAROLINA, MUHAHAHA.
Theyre taking time because theyre listening to last minute.offers.
Every starting QB playing the Jets next year:

Out for game- Injury: Fear.

Jets lose 3-0 every game.
[**@Slime_Drexler**](https://twitter.com/Slime_Drexler/)

> [2014-09-06 23:02 UTC](https://twitter.com/Slime_Drexler/status/508389902384631808)

> Marcus Marioto will win the Heisman

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

I couldn't pull it off, but I think it looks cool. 
Come to us Leonard.
BOOOOOO!
Congrats on being picked, Danny! Hey, remember that time when your brother died?
Glad we picked up a DB. Thanks for not taking Brown!
Mother fucker. Ain't nobody better than Kelce.
HAHAHA 
How is it even that low, isn't every seat a personal hot tub or something?!
Lol. Roger that Dance Commander
Armstead's ceiling's unbelievable high... but yeah, he's extremely raw and unlikely to get near that ceiling any time soon. silly Niners.
BPA. That's what they've been saying.
Babin would play defensive end in a 43, and has been an effective situational pass rusher. I'll find you numbers if you want.
Mario"to"
[CHIP KELLY RIGHT NOW](http://www.prosportstickers.com/product_images/l/winnie_the_pooh_sad_sticker__31017.jpg)
This first round is going hella quick
>The Titans are retards

You should have stopped then tbh
People can be interested in things for a while before it gets to the point that everyone starts talking about them at work. Maybe your co-workers just don't like talking to you, or more likely, it just took the first person talking about it for them to realize their shared interest and start talking about it all the time, which is more likely to happen in a deep tournament run..
At least wait for the end of the draft just incase they decide to trade Mariota. Sheesh. 
LBs falling, we should nab one tomorrow.
Still no? A tackle on it's own isn't indicative of a successful play. Stopping a running back for a gain of one is a successful play, getting dragged for 6 yards and allowing the first down before bringing him down is not. Both are recorded as tackles.

Another problem with looking purely at tackle numbers is that it ignores the number of opportunities a player has to make a tackle. If one player makes 100 tackles and misses 50 and another player makes 75 and misses 5 are we really going to say that the first player is a better tackler than the second? 

Statistics that look at number of missed tackles, defeats, tackle rate, that kind of thing would convince me of whether or not Trae Waynes is a good tackler. Simply saying "Well, he got a lot of them therefore he's good" will not. 
DELETE IT ZAC!
what!? something is happening!!
It's just taking the best thing on the board.

I mean they now have 22 and 25 year old receivers with a lot of promise. What's not to like about that? It's not like if Cutler doesn't pan out this year their then 23 year old receiver is worthless
Wish you had been one of the first posters because this comment is amazing!
one year worth very little - different situation
That jingle on the announcement of the pick seems so out of place and poorly timed
Roger Goddell cause of death: Bear hug from Danny Shelton
Time to trade to 31.
inb4 rams take Shane Ray
I think we came out on top with this one. 
Jets vs Rams for most stacked Dline!
Felt like there'd have been a good chance he would be there for them in the 2nd
I have to make an apology. I quoted a tweet from Shane Ray, I thought it was from tonight but it was from 2012. Out of context, this could've been viewed as derogatory or inflammatory. I'm not that guy, and I have no obligation to apologize, but I should. Sorry.
David Shaw is really starting to grow on me as a TV personality
superbowl 50. Errthang is gold this year
oy oy oy?
That's right. We have Bradford and Tebow, who needs Mariota....
No trades. How fucking boring
Nice pick
Oh no
I dont know how to feel about this
DGB or Dupree
Are you idiots retarded? The draft use to be one afternoon, rapid fire. Way faster? You sir are a boob.
It wont happen. I posted this to the Jets sub, it should give you an insight into what I am thinking.

http://www.reddit.com/r/nyjets/comments/34hgmv/why_i_hate_the_williams_pick/
I think that was a good move by the lions. Fills a hole for a year and we pick up some extra picks for not much lost. 
Fuckin Chiefs. 

Good pick
Polynesian culture is so dope 
Shelton or Parker please
Injuries aren't hurting draft stock too much. Ifo may be going soon. 
Cause commissioner
STOP TALKING AND TELL USSSSS
True, maybe he wouldn't have had to step up in that play with better protection? Also they were 31st in the run game, so he could potentially help them in that aspect too.
Wtf did Williams do
Won't need surgery on his toe apparently 

http://mweb.cbssports.com/nfl/draft/nfl-draft-scout/25160944/report-missouris-shane-ray-does-not-need-foot-surgery
I don't know why, but that gave me an erection 
Sure, why not
DOES HEAVY SPECULATION COUNT AS SPOILERS
Wait...those guys are bad now?

I have a lot of catching up to do.
I'll take it!
The price you pay for winning the Super Bowl.
Hey Jets, FUCKING TAKE WILLIAMS
i don't understand anything anymore
where do we think saints and texans are going?
Yeah really. A safe pick that can make their team more well-rounded, and they have another first in a few picks. Going for big flashy picks every season isn't exactly conducive to a stable team. 
Not DGB
False Start! Operator please put 12 draft spots back on the board.
I love watching things happening on the internet while I'm watching TV on the internet.
I think you guys are going to fall in love with Gurley. Truly a back for years to come.
No, I never said which player was the "best player available" because it isn't relevant. The best player available to Scot was scherff, thus the pick. 
Fuck Dan Bernstein.
Yeah, but what does Mariota know about Spider 2 Y Banana?
"Marcuss Merryoda" -Mayock
Damnit Bears y u have to be smrt
Stay classy, Chicago.
Seems like they made this pick wiht the idea tha tcasey would stick inside. They like Randall's range so him playing on the outside makes more sense.
Do you know who our right tackle is?
So salty. 
a Raiders fan would be worried about doing a math puzzle 
SAINTS
spot on as usual cris
bills defense is just as good
They're decent at rugby too
One of those teams at the top of the 2nd is gonna get a great WR. I'd take him at 33 if I were the Titans
From Schefter: "Rams Surprise Incoming..." maybe they made one. 

https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter/status/593943867327643648
***Breshard Perriman to the Ravens.***
Oh, I know. I remember when he was Shaq Green-Thompson. I don't bear him any ill will. Still, that's horrendously bad.
Medic
https://freakoffandom.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/gog_9.png
I love the Packers fan they keep showing cheering for the Bears.
I like him now since he was compared to one of my favorite QBs = Cool Joe Montana, who was very quiet like Mariota but when he got on the field he was a leader and showed results. He's the best QB in the draft. I thought Mariota didn't portray himself differently than his true self. 
Should have said Chiraq
*TRE MASON
Did the commissioner just mispronounce his name? How do you not know the top prospects after all of the build up to the draft?
Im thinking Matt Ryan needs a receiver 
You clearly don't know what it entails to be a journalist.
No negotiating. Rookie contracts are set in stone.
You misspelled Rockets 
Raiders fans must be so happy
Wow Lions made out like bandits in that trade.
So the next 3 picks are already made? Let's speed this shit up then
I'd rather this than paying too much for him... But it's definitely not as much fun.

Bradford, check your email for a contract extension offer.
Someone in the 49ers FO has been leaking shit like mad lol
Hey lets go to r/cfb and downvote everybody
Is he colorblind? They wear different jerseys in practice.
Let's go Melvin!!!
When the Jets were on the clock, I said "I sure hope Leonard Williams falls to us".

When the Bears were on the clock, I said "Beckham, Cruz, Randle, and Kevin White would be dangerous".

When the Falcons were on the clock, I said "Vic Beasley can play DE and LB! The Giants need him."

I quit....
Good call!
totally get that. He will produce. I'm not doubting that at all. But, when teams can run up the middle on you with practically no resistance, and a big, durable, capable NT falls to you, I don't see how you pass up on it. 
or retire
I imagine Chip Kelly is laying in a pool of his own frustrated sweat, shouting at his entire staff to trade somehow with the Titans
trade?
HERE WE GO
lmao why does this social media expert have fingerless gloves
Beasley is my fucking top prospect at a position of need, and we fucking take Williams. I thought I might warm up to it later, but im fuckin livid. Unless Mac can pull a great trade out of his ass, im chalking it up as a failure
*Golden Receiver 
WHAT?
Well I guess we have very different accents because I've never heard those 2 pronounced very differently tbh. 
You guys are going to love him.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXYLlrJ5OFY

Titans could have gotten a goldmine of rebuilding potential for that pick
Well, Niners fans didn't expect it. 
Babes yes, but beer? I cant even comprehend why you would think that you can hang with WI. We make the best beer to make our less attractive babes look more attractive.
That D-line...
Ah sweet!
There was talk of Houston taking him.
god dammit i wanted him for the vikes
Byron Jones
Chicago would fucking love him. Cutler for RG3 and a 2 slot pick swap?
We got *exactly* who I wanted to get, so... great!
YOU GO TO HELL 
We might not have weapons that can kill you, but we've got some weapons that can hurt. Two solid WRs, and a pretty good TE. It's a start.
Did Jameis go on stage and all that?
Anyone else insert Bridgewater joke?
WOW, First pick I don't love!
I agree that Jake wasn't his guy but he still made no effort to run the offense around Locker's skill set. They didn't have anything to lose and still forced a square peg in a round hole. 
Miami picks: Jake from State Farm
Aren't they streaming it for free online...?
Daniel Jeremiah being a trendsetter and comparing a black player to a white player. 
And this was their second set.
Im surprised by the pick, mainly because UF tackles recently drafted by us usually turn out to be soft. 
Well hello Trent Baalke. 
Mariota confirmed!
To sell it?
So what don't we know about Williams?
I like how it's being painted this way. They are letting TY walk and bringing in Dorsett guys 
Because it's lame. 
Don't worry, we're up soon.
**BOOOO**

YOU SUCK RICK SMITH
Browns made the right pick. Parker wont fall to 19, but if he did that would be a great round 1
I read your comment wrong my bad. Most people say he's a reach at 10 nobody was saying that about Tyron 
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Jets on autopick tonight or what?
What just happened?
WHOA I'm not so sure about that one.
There was a complication with your implication. 
Something about harbaugh leaving. I didn't know the Ravens let go of their coach.
I believe in yall!! 
But he wasn't. It was an awful pick then and it's an awful one now. 
What was the trade?
I feel like Waynes is a combine pick, he doesn't tackle and got exposed by some guys. Potential Justin Gilbert in my mind.
please be parker
*Fruit*... there it is again. Any takers?
You still can't have Donald
Fuck you Mooch, who cares how he became a Raider fan.
He dun goofed.
typical reid pick. coach those who need a second chance
He left him off because it was implied 
AWESOME. I LOVE IT. Chip didn't listen to the fans and instead did the right thing to improve the team. So happy.
Holy shit Raiders what???
I just said it could be the best since.... then realized its been my entire life. 
We spent the 10th pick on the draft to address the 5th easiest full-time position (punter, kicker, long-snapper, fullback) in football, despite having a guy on the roster who could provide 80% of his production and plenty of intriguing options for depth at the same spot later in the draft.

I will root for the guy, but currently in the first round, these are the guys who I wouldn't trade Todd Gurley for straight up: Arik Armstead, Nelson Agholor, Cedric Ogbuehi, Shaq Thompson, Stephone Anthony, Damarious Randall, Melvin Gordon.

The only one of those who was drafted in the top half was Gordon. The two who went before 20 were a RB and a pure 3-4 end that we simply couldn't use.

There is a reason that the Rams consistently pick in the top half of the draft despite having an abundance of picks both from poor play and the RGIII deal: it's because they waste resources. This is a prime example.
See Forrest Gump
i was even more certain about LW to oakland. mind is blown rn. 
I see him moving to SS. He's got the coverage skills and the linebacker-style. 

It worked out well for Troy P.
Colts was obviously the worst but another pick that I disagreed with (unpopularly) was the Bears. White seems like a luxury pick when they really need a pick on defense 
IS THIS REAL LIFE?
well the giants won two superbowls with a great OL so if anything, cowboys are the ones trying to copy
Tre Mason just shit his pants
Praise Antonio!

2 spots, Alex.
BB sacrificed a small white receiver for this to happen.
I could see the Giants trading back. Unless they are really high on Waynes they may go back
Gurley surely 
weaker then a tim Tebow spiral, or what if she really has the best pussy that's so fire. I had a ex gf who was so warm down there it wasn't normal compared to other chicks I've been with. I mean this chick had a oven in her snatch, thank god she was on the pill , i was 16 and dumb and she was literally full of cum. 
AW YEAH!!
Are people booing?
Oakland may actually get Williams. Holy shit.
I'm having Leinart flash backs. I'm sorry Titans fans. 
I don't see how this is such a terrible thing. Gus knows what he wants, we've got to trust him
Weren't people saying RBs were done going in the first round for a while
That's Hilarious! For real though I hope we keep him and switch to a 4-3. Bowles can live with **this** 4-3 team
How do you say it then?
~~Lebeau about to make Dupree into All Pro~~

Edit: my mistake guys, thought he was a lifer
The next team can then make a pick, and so on, but the original team that fucked up can put in their pick whenever. But the longer they wait the more people may be off the board. It's happened before.
You're terrible against the run, and have an amazing QB that makes any receiver look good as well as a deep WR pool. 
...
And you choose a WR. 
so he is, yea my mistake 
I mean, Giants have taken an OL in the first round 2 of the last 3. So fuck off 
Hodor
Totally agree. I've seen a lot of analysts saying that most drafts only yield one or two true LT's every year. Those guys were long gone by 20 even.

The other thing I've seen mentioned was not selecting a WR. I just think there's a lot of talent left and staying patient to see if a prospect drops in the second round...though if Randy Gregory for some miraculous reason is still around when we pick at 57, I bet he picks him. 
Ok how do they make those jerseys so quickly 
We could franchise tag him
Romeo Crennel: YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT ME GRUDEN!
OH BOY A TRADE
How is a NT going to win an award?
DE/DT
Ummmm...
Early pick for a RB 
BAH GAWD
Well, if it turns out to be a disaster, it'll probably be a massive meltdown. I really hope the Buc's as an organization decided that giving him positive but strict guidelines was an absolute necessity.
Not at all. People are just wondering where people are seeing the picks 3-5 minutes before they are announced on TV. Figured I'd help and share what I've been looking at.
Yeah my problem is I don't follow college ball at all so I have no idea who this guy is. But if he can move from safety to corner then he does fill in a gap. 

In Ted We Trust
Good one, bro! Except we haven't had a blackout for a few years. Will you Jags fans lighten the fuck up?
Maybe, maybe not. Maybe fuck your self.
He's nowhere near as explosive as Jamaal
http://www.gamespot.com/images/1300-2398122
Goodell bot didn't get his software upgrade this morning.
Welcome to Kiper draft night analysis, where he casually says a player is the next Jerry Rice.
What the fuck happened??
And he also had a diluted urine sample, and he had a sexual assault conviction at Georgia, and he has no feet whatsoever. 
When I heard that score in passing I thought it was joke. I guess it's still a joke but I thought the person wasn't serious.
We get one, you get the other?
I don't understand why people don't like Arik
Dammit Rams. 

I think SF finishes 4th this year.
Ryan Pace must be jizzing his pants right now
If only Tom Cruise weren't in it. 
5 ints
maritoe
You're fired.
It'll be funny to see Malcom Brown get the game sealing sack on Luck in the AFCC. 
Shit, were they doing a watch party?
holy shit i'm on fire.
Cowboys flair though?
Hm
Alright man, Oregons low hanging fruit at this point
Happens every year, he manages to handle it with class. Practically tradition now 
"The bears have just won the superbowl"

...wot 
Nice. Jags dont fuck around
Where do you think he'll end up?

Ah the ballhawk that is afraid to tackle
How dare he have different rankings than most people
Yeah it would only take three seconds to record
Great pick for Houston.
STL radio is saying STL took Gurley
We'll give you Kendricks for Ha-Ha.
Almost fucked our QB too.
Better than Chiraq
Marcus Peters please, i want someone to fire the team up
WOW. I like it rams.
Haha I don't necessarily like Winston, but I kinda want to see him shit on people this year to prove everybody wrong haha
His sister and younger brother are related!? Who else knew this!?!?!!!
5/11
Oakland is about to be looking real mean on defense
Why isn't it a ten year position anymore with defenses being handcuffed?
Marcus Mariotoh, quarterback, Ohregon
Leave where? I heard reports that Philip Rivers didn't want the Chargers to move to LA. The drive isn't that fucking far. Man the fuck up bitch
manny being manny
Well, he does deserve it. I just want things to get moved along. 
and Jaelan Strong falls into NE's lap. 
Houston swooping in with a big steal incoming
this post is low effort and poor
Ah, well since that was anti climatic, I'll just check back in a few hours for the rest of the picks
Dan Quinn is gonna go defense, book it.
Jon Gruden just said the Rams haven't had a back they could feature since Eric Dickerson


.....I can think of a couple
But there are no more trade slots :(
The other 2 were peanut butter and jealousssss
**LEONARD WILLIAMS + KHALIL MACK + SIO MOORE GET FUCKING HYYYYYYPE**
Already at least 5 mins into Oakland's pick
Okay then, Old Spice.
If I were a betting man, I'd be sad. 
Holy shit God no

Their rush is scary enough

Now this? Fuck that shit.


I went to high school with cromartie... dude was having babies before he graduated
Embrace it like Bettman does in the NHL.
[Marcus Marioto](http://imgur.com/e17bmnA)
Oh gosh darn it fuck the Caps
No there was a press conference after we made the pick.
of course ray goes to denver! Smoke up! 
100% agree. With Riverboat Jack at the helm i would be shocked if we don't go Defense
Badger Hockey, and it's fucking awesome*!!

 *except for this past season, which shall never be mentioned again for the rest of all-time.
First God shout out
That's an interesting interpretation on his first name there.

eRecKT
If the Bucs don't take Winston, this sub will explode.
I really hope Vic "Packer slayer" Fangio doesn't get Williams 
that username tho. amazing. what's the word?
He's been to busy thinking about all the suspensions he's going to give Jameis that he forgot to learn anyone else's name.
Why would you want someone on your team that wants to be on your team???! 
I would watch the shit out of that
is micheal jordan playing?
Sources say .4 liters are left 
Much better than him falling to ATL
GMs next year: "Fuck, I got fired."
Ok. Well, now I'm hungry
I missed him getting picked. What did the interviewer ask him that everyone keeps mentioning? 
Next year I'll bet they just go with former NFL players to call the draft so Roger can just sit at home. 
Fuck! The pick is in! No trade :/
We'll see. 
http://www.gfycat.com/DarlingIncredibleAllosaurus
He's not making it through the next 3 picks. All three teams will take a WR if he's near their BPA.
it wasn't a bad choice, it just wasn't expected.

There has been a distinct lack of trades so far. Come on people, shake things up!
Fair enough. Hope it works out in the long run. I have to guess they're thinking about 2016 as well.
Arizona has a very solid line
Fuck that noise, nothing will ever be darker than last season.
LETS GET THIS STARTED!!!
Why are mods removing posts right now?
Jake fisher for the panthers now DJ is gone? 
Gold jerseys? 
Shit. Rams better make a bad choice.
But the brown remains unchanged. 
The Eagles fans are sooooo saaaad :(. 
Not sewn hot pressed. 
Very interesting if true. I'm hearing it too.
Eisen >Berman 

Mayock > Kiper

Why on earth would anyone be watching ESPN right now? 
Old man's neck needs it
"All these GM's that get paid to do this for a living are idiots for leaving Williams on the board."


-- Reddit
Wow gonna be fun to see how this circus plays out. You know he is starting from day one. 
I hope gets cut so we can get to see him play again. Atlanta, NYG, New England someone can and should use him 
"With the number 12 pick of the 2015 NFL draft, the Cleveland Browns select...Johnny Manziel, Quarterback, Cleveland."
I would've taken that in an instant.
FUCK 
I see the Jets fans are in full force
Is Collins going to be there at our pick in the second? Da fuck?
His nipples are weird. Nice areolas but the nipples themselves are gross. 
Sick
As is tradition. 
Jason La Canfora is a solid follow IIRC
Damn I wanted him.
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTT?!?!?!?!?!
YOU GET A BAN! AND YOU GET A BAN! 

EVERYONE GETS A BAN!!
They might have been afraid someone would trade in front of them for it. At that point, you can't do anything. Wanting to fire before someone else fires.
He looks so happy. Glad he's on the Chargers, seems like a great fit.
RIP DAD
Shaq! 
They should just announce the jags pick across the ticker while the commercials are still on
lol that unfortunate soul
Go ask your friends Stalin and Hitler abut failure you goddamn communist.
*eagle screech*
What was that Mel?

Dog just watch the damn draft and quit posting this shit
Barnwell is cursing up a storm, and Mays is melting down at the thought of Williams dropping to the Bears.
I think in showing how much SD gave up to move up 2 spots they were saying it would have been impossible for anyone to afford to move up to #2
He's not wrong, it's possible.
I'm watching it right on NFL.com
That was Gruden. Kiper said it was a reach
I swear I saw Gruden flip off the camera lol
Thanks! 
Other teams looking to trade up though 
Combined with the "If we can't throw, neither can you" secondary we have, our defense will give opposing QBs nightmares. 
Zac Stacy responds:

https://twitter.com/ZSTACY_/status/593946934819180544
I wanted him so bad :(
When the pick is in, WHY DON'T THEY JUST ANNOUNCE IT RIGHT AWAY!!!!!???!?!?!?
Cedric is a bigger reach IMO. Tomlinson is at least top 3 prospect at his position.
Is he good?
ATL getting Beasley?
I thought he was gonna cry in that interview 
whoa

that's what we we're saying too... who knows. I could see NYJ taking a RB or WR also
Oopsie.
Yeah "stole"?
Damnit. I wanted the bears to move up
tank nation!
As a Longhorns fan I am so excited
"Chip's crazy roller Coaster, I tell you what man. I'm going to get me one of them shakes, man"
How does Jameis do this season? How is Tampa's online/ offence?
Von and Shane are gonna have some fuuunn
> Titans a shit organization 

I mean, they aren't the Bears... but....
god damnit
He likely will. But someone could trade a person already picked for him.
Boo-urns?
m'lady
Isn't this the third year in a row the Steelers have drafted a LB in the first round?
I honestly think you guys take him at 31...

cool
Too much emphasis on his combine performance. 
F the Tigers!
Can confirm, /u/kwerty_y is a dumbass.
Bears, take a little advice from the Packers here. It doesn't fucking matter how dominant your offense is if your defense is giving away games. The defense is what stops the clock management. You just completely fucked up by buying a Ferrari, but filling it up with watered down gas at the local CuttyCo gas station.
Vikings should have taken Parker to work on their synchronicity
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
Someone explain to.me the difference between Amari cooper and Robert woods
Yes... Yes it will
2nd 5th rounder I'm good with
BOOOOOOO /u/pussy_lip I DON'T LIKE YOUR OPINION ON ANYTHING AND YOU'LL ALWAYS BE WRONG
Good. Any team that wants to move from 20 to 2 should have to give up a shit ton of picks/players. There's a reason the worst teams draft first. They need the help more than you and have all the leverage.

edit: salty eagles fans downvoting. 
Fucking Right!! ^Just ^don't ^tell ^anyone
Yes yes...let the hate flow through you Chicago. 
Please, can we?
I would like one Leonard Williams please, fuck you jets
He's certainly skating on thin ice. Assuming our top four guys are all locks for the roster, he's trying for that last spot. And you're right, an injury setback or a rut could place him behind someone else.

Still, I think he's got enough skill that he'll survive to make the roster. It should be entertaining, too - Hilton and Johnson are the obvious 1 and 2 receivers, but the competition between Moncrief, Dorsett and Carter for playing time will be compelling.
Why isn't Chris Christie's fat ass in that war room?
Waynes. I just knew ZimZam couldn't keep his hands off.
He's thinking Canton not mansions!
Marcus Mariado wooo 
Definitely Randall. Anybody but Agholor or Dorsett.
FUCK THIS SHIT


As a Tech alum I'm just happy we still have Amendola. 
Browns made some solid picks
They have all the signs of turning into a massive dumpster fire of an organization real quick.
I mean he is the best RB prospect of the last few years...teams have compared him to Adrian Peterson all the way to Jim Brown
fuckf uck fuck ufkc fuckm
Watch out, world. Here comes 4-12.
You sure can use them all at once 
I like the pick. 

A good running back could put you over the top. 

Antwain Smith. Corey Dillon. Blount. 
hell yes, Hawaiian buns go with everything
Then how the fuck do you not know Pokemon Red/Blue/Yellow?
Mariota will be on another team before this night is over.
i mean. OTHER teams could have been trying to trade with the niners
Pots and kettles are black 
That's what was so great about Erving at Florida State was that he was the starting LT but was moved when the center when there was problems there and he did well at center too.
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurns?
[here you go, you dirty, dirty dogs](http://imgur.com/iOhyrGl)
Please Jets, please pass on Williams. Don't fail me now. 
Potentially Dorsett?
Pack your bags son 
I hope andy can make him great
> Wisconsin is crazy about basketball

Eh, depends where in the state. Seems at least like you could draw a line though the Dells and anywhere north of there doesn't really give two shits about basketball.
NFL PINTEREST WHAT IS THIS SHIT
Haha whereas on ESPN they were at that same time describing how intimidating he looked!
White is right
God damn Jerruh seems too happy. 

Don't tell me the AP trade happened....
FUCK YEAH. 
Penalty kill? 
Can't wait for crewdoughtry's name to get called by the Raiders in the 6th.
Good pick, MN. Don't need him in the NFC East. Not one bit.
erekt
Hoping this is more like the Vikings' haul that got us Jamie Collins than the Seahawks' haul last year.
Browns bought to brown people.
Trades.
Congrats. This is the single best way the draft could have gone for Wash
Not gonna lie, I'm actually really excited the Eagles didn't get Mariota. I'd much rather keep the pieces we have now. Although I'm not completely ruling out a trade yet.
Culpepper played with Moss, Carter, and Reed.
Oh calm down, players are unpredictable. 
Yes. 
Nope. I know I say dragon correctly. I guess our schools always taught us OreGONE
Isn't it kind of adjacent to a bad neighborhood?
that's true lol
I've got a baseball and hockey game both on, so only enough attention to spare for watching the website. A question for those of you watching, what's it like without the legion of Jets fans in attendance? 
what a majestic fall
SPEEEEEEED
Huh, alrighty then! 
damn the colts have a real solid receiving corp.
Fucking hope not.
No, we really wanted Parker but Miami snagged him right before :/
Fuck yeah fat guys
Not if Gordon is there.
Thanks Ian
YES YES YES YES
It's not a correct opinion if you're using the term wrong. If a player is drafted where he's expected to be drafted he isn't a reach. Doesn't matter the team.
Oakland...TAKE WILLIAMS!!!
This is the spoiler thread.
#What are the betting odds that whoever the Niners pick retires by the end of the day?
I mean if were banned from playing that makes us a damn good rivalry hahaha. But we play you guys in football next year see you there man. 
They need more dudes in that secondary besides HaHa
Raiders fans just came. 
Nice grab Miami
Please be a trade, please be a trade.
But can Mariota perfect the Spider 2 Y Banana? 
What's the shortest time a first round pick has been picked?
I love Weird Al! 

Spatula city! 
Damn. Fuck people who try and ruin it for others.
Could be fans at the draft posting to Twitter etc... I suspect they get ahead because of a slight delay in broadcasting over TV. I'm just guessing wildly.
What? They already have hilton, johnson and moncrief. Why take Dorsett???
Christ that's ugly
> Tre Mason

Probably doesn't have that many years ahead of him sadly, leads with his head way too much while running and takes quite a few head to heads. Was like that in college as well. 
I was really looking forward to The Chippening :(
He already had to miss Murder She Wrote just to be here. NO TIME.

In case the Redskins want to throw 4 first round picks at them.

That is why.
Who
I love you.
Only 3 constants in this world. Death. Taxes. And the Pats trading out of the 1st-round.
That's my quarterback
That was unexpected

Rams going old-school
Oh, so now the Mods are gonna change thread names after the fact? Who do they think they are? Chad Ford?
Thank god the Colts decided to throw.
Especially when you're the commissioner and he's been arguably the most talked about prospect in this draft for the last 6 months
RIP Brady. The AFC East wants to destroy him literally. 
Tick tock Jets 
They're gonna go after Parker I bet. 

Meh, Shelton, solid pick. 
No, I mean it was literally tweeted. That was the BPA. That's precisely what Scot said he was going to do. 
You were going to take Gordon.
So do I!
Just like the Oilers and McDavid, the Titans will ruin Mariota. 

Happy with this pick though.
That Johnny Cocaine 0. Mmm.
RG3 probably told the redskins if they don't draft a lineman he would retire
Another 5' 10" WR?
overpaid? you said he's a top 15 LT. he's the 12th highest paid LT. seems like he's paid right where he's supposed to be.
I was joking I'm sure he is going to be a good NFL cb
We still have one yay! 
Personally I'd rather Strong but isn't he getting some type of surgery?
The butter makes him slippery and hard to defend! 
Gordon's 2014 Highlights: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgwrffqPINE
LEONARD WILLIAMS AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I love you DanSnyder!
so atlanta is the hometown team now? wtf
Hahahaha
No but sport shops aren't making jerseys for new players every 10 minutes. 
"Don't tell me what I can't do."

- Jay Cutler
All I was worried about is who are the 49ers, cardinals and rams were taking. I fell asleep and checked back later.
Fuck me.
He has a relentless motor.
Nice pickup
That's a good point. I would've just taken White though

Perhaps they can trade for White and someone else? idk
I love this guys style... That woman screaming tho
do they have to wait till the very end? does anyone ever walk out with 5 minutes left and make the pick?
Stevie Wonder
Revan to the Eagles can confirm
He looks so "happy"
I forgot where I read it but those from American Samoa have a disproportionately higher probability of being in the NFL
anybody need an wide receiver? because we have all of them.

Right and the pats brought in chip to run the no huddle even faster.
I like the Bears (but hate Cutler). Cool uniforms, cool city, passionate fans etc...
Their jobs are not to be fortune tellers. They're analysts. 
The kid was dumb. He was arrested in his hometown before draft day and gave us this gem of a quote:

>[According to police records, Simon angrily responded to a police request that he move his car to prevent it blocking a Eunice street, allegedly "back\[ing\] the vehicle [up] in an aggressive manner," telling the officer *"I own Eunice"* and that the officer he would be fired if he wrote Simon a ticket.](http://www.cbssports.com/collegefootball/eye-on-college-football/22144149/report-tharold-simon-arrested-night-before-tharold-simon-day)

I remember this and just laughing my ass off because of how crappy of a town Eunice is and how big his ego must be that he thinks he owns Eunice. 
I'd love to see the source
If true and they said no they deserve to suck.
my favorite part is the logo is upside down 

and the mustache thats cool too
The Browns will never be cool. 
Beasley (and Dupree and everyone else) is still there. This went perfectly and the Falcons can still trade back
Well the Browns' o-line went to shit after Mack went down. Can't blame them for wanting to improve there.
So what does Dallas do for an RB?
Why do they keep talking about his body-type? He's a 6'7" NFL lineman. He has broad shoulders and an absolutely massive base. 
Johnson
he's at least cheap now
lol BOOO!!!
I'll help you blind man. I'll help you. 
I don't know man a lot of people were saying he was great before the combine, it just boosted him having stupid athleticism 
Why? We are one of the few "run teams" left in the NFL
You'll get Byron Jones, CB
That's science
You misspelled always.
Boring 
A trade! Wooo!
NFL Network Master Race! So excited to just get back the 2nd pick and actually focus on the draft.
Waiting for offers?
Laughing stock status re-established 
You would think it would be mostly Bears fans...
No Gregory or Malcom Brown? 
If I'm the Raiders, I'm ecstatic right now. Getting Williams at #4 is a steal.
Is this good?
[Fowler's shoes.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y25stK5ymlA)
Excited for #2 pick. RIP Reddit when shit goes down.
...they had Tre Mason. I don't get this. 
C'mon Titans take Mariota.
Randy Gregory here we come!
So far.... pretty much how everyone predicted
Unless reggie goes crazy
We circle circle dot dotted Belichick and only Belichick, so he must be going 32nd. 
Thar chick sounds drunk as shit.
It's from Drakes last album "If You're Reading This It's Too Late" 
Don't forget Sheard and Siliga! Solid depth.
I don't know why I'm getting bummed, at 27 what can I expect..

Yes, but it'd have to be a team high enough to where we could still get scherff. 
For like 2 years. Decent, just not a first round value, but the Patriots don't miss often in the 1st, and when they do, it's not an absolute bust

Edit: Fantastic name btw
How the hell did Goodell pronounce his name wrong
The Jets 
Hell. They came from hell. Inb4 New Jersey jokes.
Amari Cooper will hold you
What did he say?
Lmao that hug.
I really don't like the "pick is in... But wait ten more minutes" logic. 
c'mon hurry up rams, no surprises yet you know what you want
Get to rippin bruh.
And a back-up running back. We actually filled three needs at once. 

I think our GM really is magical. 
Nominee for highest combined weight of back to back picks ever?
Ohhhhhhkk there friend. I get the feeling like I just got under your skin and so you just went into my post history trying to disagree with me.

But anyway, let's take this bit by bit. 

>Name the dominant Pro-Bowl caliber players in that #3 defense in 2012, now name the dominant Pro-Bowl caliber players that are currently on the defense. 

Well, I'm not comparing the current defense to the 2012 defense, I'm comparing the *2013* defense to the 2012 defense. As in, the defense that *immediately* followed the 2012. Now as I said 
>I mean there's more to it than that

like for instance Urlacher retiring, but nonetheless the defense were pretty damn similar in make up, yet were on *vastly* different ends of the spectrum. That should speak volumes to you about how good Lovie/Marinelli were with defense and how bad Trestman/Tucker were. I mean almost two touchdowns more *per game* between the two seasons. That's pretty amazing.

>You've lost all of the "Monsters of the Midway" in that time, and neglected to mention that. You don't have the 2012 defensive personnel, most of them have retired or left to play for other teams, so your point is significantly compromised by not even recognizing that.

Once again, I'm not really sure why you think I'm saying they're going to be that 2012 team again. I'm saying I'm really doubtful they'll be **THAT** bad as they were the last two years.

Again, *100%* of the reason I'm comparing those two defenses is just to point how god awful Trestman/Tucker were. It's addition by subtraction.

>Who's on your defense that anyone has ever heard of? Jared Allen who still hasn't proven his effectiveness in the last few years, and Kyle fuller, who still was too brief of a flash in the pan to have earned solid respect as a shutdown corner? Antrell Rolle who has to try to adjust to a new team in the last years of his career?

Well, safety is pretty garbage, Fuller should hopefully continue to be decent, Jennings we'll see as he ages, but they also still have Willie Young and Lamaar Houston. Willie Young had a pretty solid season, Lamaar Houston was meh, but people expected him to be more of a pass rusher than he was. Linebacker is a question mark, we'll see how Bostic does.

At any rate, I'm not really sure why what was really only my only point went over your head, but that's very plainly that Fox/Fangio alone is a *massive* improvement over Trestman/Tucker. I really cannot overstate how awful they were
"since they got Steve McNair a few years ago"

Gruden seems to have a slightly different sense of time.
Have Gruden scream at them like he used to do at practice. My god, that man can whisper and put chills into you. 

Also, anyone can get me a picture with those glasses on him. I have never seen that in my life, he put them back on.. I wanna hang it up on my wall.

Too, why the fuck are ya booing, i'd shove my foot up their ass. 
Well one was an NFL coach and the other is a wannabe hack, if this was my expertise I'd be annoyed by the wannabe, too. 
Soaking up that spotlight, eh, Bucs?
Great pick. Thought this guy was underrated/overshadowed by beasely
We need a Kimi Raikonenen player to get drafted and shit on these questions
Redskins pick is in.

I wonder who it could be........
Based Baalke
IM QUITE FOND OF THAT GUY TOO. I ALSO LIKE THAT BENJAMIN GUY.
plz be right
Louis Riddick is awful
We have an excellent backup QB in Whitehurst. Assuming there isn't some strange Eli/Rivers move soon, trading Mett is a great idea. He's at his highest trade value, and I think we can get a third or so for him. 
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH

... just realised that washington could pick williams... fuck
Pretty much.
I wouldn't say inconsistent... He can kind of disappear, but again he's barely 21. He's physically ready to step into the rotation right now. Gotta trust Tomsula can keep him motivated.
The Rams should really toss that pair of shoes. 
He will get in line or he will get no Uncrustables. It is the way
I really do hope Mariota works out for them. But I don't trust Whisenhunt with his ability of developing QBs.
Oh my god I can't even handle your reference game right now. I'd give you gold if I wasn't dead.
Nah, I'm sure he'll be able to just push NFL tackles over....
what kinda linebacker wears glasses. what a nerd!
Yay! Good for Arik. Although I know some 49ers fans won't like this.
i was so confused when i heard vic(k) for a second there...
Agholor please 
Erving prob gonna play OG for now. I like the pick. I would have preferred a WR or TE but our offense seemed to go to shit when Mack got hurt so this is acceptable. 
No shit...when the Packers are up in about an hour it'll be just to announce a trade down.
Its a new account each time
I knew Beasley was going to be a Falcon because some dude made an edited roster on Madden 15 with him on their roster 
Don't worry, we're not going to go all redskins on the division.
He's a OT.
What is even happening
They usually release something like that days after. Not always though.
Saw this on /r/eagles recently - Maclin and Agholor have [eerily similar builds](http://www.insidesocal.com/usc/files/2015/02/AGHOLOR.MAC_.png)
Wooh

Nah we love this dude.
DAMN IT
Yep.
Yes... but not very well.
Jesus that's a small fortune to move from 28 to 23.
Some people are weird with evaluations...."His nose is bent a little, Harder for him to breathe running down filled.."
Probably in Eli's too
Seahawks fans call it "clam baking".

i was really hoping shane ray would drop to us, but hey we needed a solid CB so i hope this works out
best response of the night hahahah
Pick in !
Aaron rodgers is #1
NO FUCKING THANK YOU
Too early.
Do you get paid to analyze NFL prospects or something?
So much Journey. Don't stop believin, Suzy. 
WHAT YEAR IS THIS?
It hasn't been a waste, and I'm sure they tried to trade down, but who would have wanted the first pick that year. 
If I were sitting in the corner watching I would boo. 
NFC EAST "FUCK"
No surprise there
I meant minus GB, he's 60-48 against the other 30 teams.
8 pm to 9 pm is 1 hour. 
Lucky fuckers. 
"u" "mad"
Mack can walk in 2016. We had to grab some FAs in the middle of the season to fill OL depth holes. When they're healthy, they're a top-5 unit but any of them go down and they're average at best.
How do you know that?
I bought a Mt. Dew and a bag of Doritos for the draft tonight. Finished the Dew by pick 5, and the Doritos by pick 10. I don't know what to do with myself now.
Overall this has been a nice draft
Damn. Nice.
i think so, the stars are aligning for it to happen
Leonard Williams to the Jets??
that hairline though
Accent on the Bway?
How dare they say it like that
Not really. I've seen a good amount of mocks that have him going early 2nd round
There is no way Williams falls further, right? And also, would the Jets take Williams. They are loaded at DT? I fucking hope not. 
"does advanced football things"
Why do I get the feeling that the Jets are about to do something stupid?
I honestly thought Dallas traded up when that was on the screen
Exactly. The three dbs worth a first round pick were of the board.
I have to imagine the Bucs will provide him with a pair of handlers to watch over him 24/7 for at least the next two years. 
SOME ONE TAKE FUCKING MALCOM BROWN!
good value
Man Williams falls, Redskins are pumped.
wow, was expecting williams
Love it. 
We gained on offensive line starter, and I'm hoping we pick offensive line with 28th overall.
Mwahahahaha
Every commissioner gets booed 
Pot Capitol of the world? Yeah okay
This is just the immediate overreaction. I think a lot of us just had a gut feeling early on in the off season that if he was there at the 4th pick, we'd take him. When the buzz started that the qbs would for 1, 2 and the the jags were going other directions, it just kind of confirmed it. I know I felt that way.

Anyway, Cooper is a fucking STUD and addresses our most glaring need. The truth is there was almost no way to go wrong with our options.
Fucking Pats. Jesus Christ 
The 5th round is where all the talent is. Everyone knows this
and bettis...at least he caught himself there
They are not booing him like the Jets fans.
Aerp Waynes....Airplanes
This is Jack's complete lack of surprise
Waynes Rhodes, Waynes Rhodes, Party Time, Excellent!
C'mon man. Are you really going to act like you know who the best ILB is when all 4 were pretty much even. 
Chip: everybody now! Let's fuck shit up!
I still can't get over how badly he butchered Mariota like you have one job
haha nice, but yeah it's tradition to boo the commish :P
I know exactly why
> city of Tennessee
So why the trade?
JETS DEFENSE: LOCKED IN A CAGE RIGHT

JETS OFFENSE: ^Suffers ^from ^stage ^fright
Bill Belichick's first round drafting record is impeccable. He has one bust in the last 15 years. Second round he's something like 8/15. Third round is where he sucks. Maybe look this stuff up first.
To add on to what other people are saying, it's possible that Thompson likes multiple of Anthony/Kendricks/McKinney/Perryman and figures he can wait, or maybe he intends to trade up in the 2nd for one of them and decided the secondary needed to be addressed first.
Good ole excited dildo head guy. 
Damn Shane Ray and Von Miller can wreck shit together.
Implying that there isn't another safety or slot corner. Don't forget that the NFCN teams totally don't have good wideouts either

Baalke is getting scary...
Lots of OTs off the board. Where do the Panthers go?
Man that sucks for you
Here in this thread marked [Spoilers]?
I am happy L. Williams did not go to WASH as much as the next guy, but a lot of people said they same thing about Freadbeard and Martin.
Semen
No shit.... sorry no hard feelings just pissed
RIP IN PEACE TB
 Looking at it from an economic perspective is fine, but a few of the people in this thread aren't. 
moment of truth for Skins
kill me
Sorry 9ners.
Wow, way to butcher his name Goodell.
1 year in Philadelphia somehow washed that second round stink off lol
Can we trade Baalke and get Harbaugh back now?
Rural Juror
Beeeeeeeas-leeeeeeeey
So...
Awe I wanted Erving to fall....
GRIGSON WHY DIDN'T YOU PICK THIS GUY
STOP TOUCHING MY CORNERS DAMMIT!
I can't really tell the difference
Malcolm Brown please get picked soon
Hellll yeahhh hype.
Red and blue are Steelers colors?
Well, like I said, Bowie will be healthy this year and he's a solid backup tackle. Seems like there were better places for you guys to spend a first rounder. That said, I think Erving is going to be a solid player.
http://i.lvme.me/v8ccqht.jpg
Aw yisss. Parker! Parker! Parker!
Which one?
Shut the fuck up you moron. 
Holy crap williams is still on the board 
ugh i can't stand dude perfect. 
wat
Alright, Andrus seems like a decent guy. I'm starting to warm to him
Sure.
> It's also a market where college football really outranks the NFL in public enthusiasm.

This was actually a major catching point when we were being considered for the expansion. A lot of people thought that Jacksonville was a NCAAF town and no more. 
NO, MY CAPSLOCK IS BROKEN! /S
It's in Chicago 
That's not making the situation better. 

At least at guard his inability to handle anything resembling speed off the edge would be somewhat mitigated and he might be a Mike Iupati type guy.. still a liability in protection but manageable so it doesn't wreck your offense. 

But at tackle you can't hide the guy. 
Every year I forget about the hyperbole fest that is the NFL Draft.

You want the kid to be your son? Jesus
DO you need to ask at this point. 
Good, now I can eat
Shut the fuck up, Donny!
WHEN CAN WE START VOTING ON THE XBOX APP?!?
I honestly do feel for you guys :(.
and for a few more years, Davis!!!
And now, the fun starts here!
Geez, that's a bit of a reach.
Good if healthy 
Woof, Browns D gets meaner every year. They ever get a QB worth a damn, they'll be stupid good.
Anybody got a stream link?
No trade. BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hope Tampa Bay has some good crab legs.
I'm a fan of situations in which you have to tell a Dallas CB "God damnit"
Not a sexy pick, but not a particularly bad one. Maybe anyway, not too familiar with the Saints holes.
Goodell taking a dump
WHAT DO -YOU- MEAN 'YOU PEOPLE?'
Im so angry, man :(
Weak boos
http://img.pandawhale.com/post-29481-Ryan-from-The-Office-agrees-gi-1MNe.gif
cam erving looking like the valet parking guy
Ugh. 
good, the Raiders picked him


Alex Mack redux?
A!
Shoulder issue at combine says rapaport
Confirmed, UK commercials are even weirder than American commercials. 

Just saw David Cameron lip sync Boyz II Men 
Gruden has such a boner for Mariotta
Please Chip. Make this offseason even crazier.
FOR FUCK'S SAKE
I mean he is about $22 million richer, good reason to celebrate.
He did say he wanted to play in LA 
Meh, I had hope that we could get Parker.
Everyone else retired. 
Trade! Here goes Gordon.
I wanted Beasley. Its not a disaster though, we do need another WR.
Commons license and house band is cheap
I will burn this mother down. Someone trade something!
I Love that pick honestly, give him another speedy target, he has the arm, now he needs the supporting cast.
He could also not be LT 2.0, and that is far more probable. As a Wisconsin fan, I wouldn't trust anyone who runs behind that line.
how big is ur dik
Agreed. Although I feel like Scandrick still allows too many short yardage gains that add up. Hopefully with some real help in the secondary, he will be able to shore that up.
that's pretty bad form for his agent to let this get out. makes him look like a bitch. He's been on the team, in the system for an entire year, knows the playbook, etc. but feels he can't challenge a guy who's never even seen an NFL playbook for the starting job? 

this stuff happens all the time, it just looks super bad for this to get out right after they draft a QB. better kept under wraps and discuss it privately in the GM office with door closed. 
[No.](https://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/leslie-knope-no.gif)
Sims
Kiper's hair is hilarious 
I'm watching the draft at 10pm on a Thursday night NFL, go ahead and assume I know who Jerry Jones is. 
You want him?
With your mom.
Excuse me those look a little familiar
I think I need to turn on CC to understand Michael Irvin. 
Good pick. Hopefully the Titans get more recognition now.
how is the bengals OLine? I'm kind of surprised by this pick 
Well then
This is definitely the best course of action.
The best players on the browns are all intelligent guys. Glad this guy has it upstairs.
Broncos trade up. *gasp*
No wonder everyone forgets them!
When will the 30 for 30 about Winston's failed career air? What if I told you, that talent isn't enough. Welcome, to Winstonville. 
Prepare for the LOBSTER!
Those cheerleaders look Tampa as fuck. Welcome to the strip club capital of the world Jameis. I'm sure you'll do fine.
That is EXACTLY who I wanted them to get. Great pick
We probably taking him btw
Good pick, good pick. 
FUCK THA EAGLES!
REMEMBER THE TITANS
Lol look at Shelton throw Goodell like a little kid.
I'm calling it now. Bears make the trade

Nevermind. I was wrong
Ten picks in and no trades yet.
Ya know what I'd rather not. 
WatchEspn not working with FIOS for anyone else?
Team bigamy needs to be ridded from this world. It pervades that commercial and much of twitter. 
Yeah if he could hit those WRs on a regular basis it'd really be something.
I'll take it
He's kinda raw. top 15 teams like to take surefire starters.
Good thing we picked him up in the 1st!
I literally saw Jets fans booing the pick on ESPN.
Hopefully Jets D-line can catch passes 
I think Houston goes with Strong.
They get skipped
Suuuuuuure
BOOOOOOO
Tampa night life is off the hook actually.
bet all York had on that notepad was "fuck harbaugh"
Short arms are predictive of whether he'll be an LT or a RT/G in the pros. There are exceptions, but for the most part you can project LT pass pro spec guys on that basis.

This guy might play LT one day in the pros, but it would be a surprise, assuming it wasn't out of necessity. Even if Trent Williams doesn't stick around for some reason.
These assholes gonna take forever to announce the pick...
Consider the context of the Graham trade and this makes a lot of sense.
Winston has the most punchable face in this entire draft. prove me wrong

I thought DGB got drafted by every team. That's why there were all those threads about him. 
I'm hopping on the Gordon being drafted train

>gets downvoted for nailing it wot
Smart move by Redskins. They needed OT. Damn.. the fucking Jets or Bears could get Williams, didn't see that shit coming
Probably the only lock of the draft.
KC needs a reciever to pair with Maclin with how bad they were going to the air in the redzond last season. Problem is they may have to reach for one. So Breshad Perriman, Phillip Dorsett, or Jaleen Strong could be the pick or they may go with the best player available in their mind and take either Bud Dupree, Malcolm Brown, Shane Ray, etc...
Goodell can't even pronounce his name right. What a fuck
Yeah it was a much better pick, in hindsight, than I expected. I'm excited to see what Carr-to-Cooper looks like.
Yep, if he's innocent he's getting totally screwed over. Not his fault but you can't really blame the teams either. Just a tragic event for all involved.
It's majestic as fuck 
Rich, Mayock, Mooch > All.
And they still boo him.
With a pitchfork. Sideways.
Did Mel Kiper play Chandler on friends?
Says you.
I wanted Teddy and Devante reunited so badly :'(
Steven Jackson even
Take a look at our secondary, then at our division. Waynes is our guy, had to have the support.
So did my wife 
Good pick.

WE GON TRADE UP FOR PARKER
How do they get the last name on that jersey? do they premake it or do it on the spot?
Come on Devante! Make it happen
AWWW YEAHHH
I forgot about Oregon and Alaska legalizing it. I guess I could save face and say the two states with NFL teams lol.
The Redskins took a one dimensional guard at #5. 

Doesn't get much worse than that. 

Edit: Honorable Mentions : 49ers, Rams, Colts
Breaking: Agholor, Cox, Kendricks and 2nd rounder rumoured trade deal to titans for Marcus Marioto.
There's no combine stats for his bench press. 
Which is why we didn't need a top pick wide receiver.
NEXT
Congrats to Dante

He will have a great career

But Tom is stil GOAT
Gurleys is sweet
THOMAS EDISON'S LIGHTS WERE SOMETHING HERE
my shoe dropped
Sounds like the fans still don't like Roger. 
GUYS GUYS GUYS. I GOT A WEED JOKE
oh shit I didn't even think about that, good call
Do they start him in the slot or is he the immediate CB1? Dallas fans? I know you guys don't have a ton of talent there. 
Too late, already took him
I really, really, really hope this starts a run on WRs.
Niners already picked Armistead. Unless you're suggesting a trade? 
He's got 5 Qbs to learn from so good luck to him.
So, trade for Ramirez in the off chance your guy at the same position isn't there
He has such a soothing voice.
thats what round 2 is for!
> We have no name receivers, no talent at RB, a 28th ranked O-line, and one of the worst defenses in the league. Hmm... better pick a QB!

Yes. Yes it is.
he's from wisconsin after all
Holy fuck...
DAMN IT RAIDERS, STOP MAKING GOOD PICKS! YOU MIGHT ACTUALLY GET BETTER!
Yet.
Hes gonna bust. Enjoy
He's the worst commentator the NFL has imo. He should've stuck to coaching
If he was in that show with the blonde... he could do worse.
ITS 8:00 PM! LETS DO THIS!
Mario Marcusto
Well fuck. There go my delusions of gordon falling to 27
Please Chip, bless us with entertainment.
The team got what they wanted, and it matches what I wanted. I think day one is a win!
and 9 of them? Linebackers.
And Bud Dupree keeps sliding. :)
What stream are you guys watching? Because mine sucks. 
Wow this guy is fast
I'm cool with this for once
Good pick for them, I had no clue how to feel about him the entire time. 
*Steel of the day
Wait what??????
And that's not even counting Harrison
LOLOLOLOLOLOLBROWNSSSS HAHAHAHAHAHAJAHAHAHHDJSJAJFKDJAHAHAHAJJADJJDJAHSJCKCKAJAHAHAJ. 
It's about time
Seeing as he's a Ravens receiver, he'll be moderately ok, and draw PI.
Shane Ray, mile HIGH 
Aaron Donald. Leonard Williams. Both were 1 pick away, both teams had stacked D lines. Oh well, please get Beasley.
What a shitty fucking question!
Green Bay is on the board, get ready for your next 10-year starter.
Right now he's still higher in my book than Pryor.
OK WHAT WILL THE EAGLES DO
Alright can we just skip ahead to pick 2 now
um
Ok, cya next week.
"It'll never happen" they said.
Understood 
That's actually a strategy a high school coach in California has been using. It exploits some loophole in the eligible receiver rule, only 5 guys can catch the ball but the defense never knows which 5. He also does an onside kick after every TD. Apparently it works pretty well. Probably would get destroyed in the NFL.
Who just signed his offer right?
A possible slot corner over an actual ILB?

All my wat.
Eagles won't pick, Chip ragequit
Why can't anyone have normal names like Brain or Justin?
What a twist!
Gedollo pls
I hate it when they do that.
[Rapoport says otherwise](https://twitter.com/rapsheet/status/593976999829315584)
We'll all get our turn!
How the fuck did the Redskins not immediately make their pick. They got the perfect guy to fall. 
Yeah, that too. I don't get how they left Brown on the board. They must have known he would end up in New England if they didn't take him, because neither the Packers nor the Saints have DT needs.
but can he get to tom brady when he gets the ball off within .2 seconds of touching it after seeing this D-Line
Walter...Brown
I trust our DC Keith Butler, oh and that guy Joey Porter.
That was lame
The fuck
Or not
Can they just get to the pick? 
BROWN AND DUPREE ON THE BOARD AND THE BENGALS STILL FUCK IT UP
Rofl, racism? Go away kid, dont use words you dont understand the meaning of.
TAKE TED GINN
I guess it's nice to have someone pointing out obvious things about jokes, for those who missed them.
Gordon has a severe case of the giggles.
*Up vote this if you a strong, beautiful Houstonian who don't need no offense*
Why are we even watching this?
Ted Thompson picked a guy that no one expected or really even recognized. I'd say we're right on target.
Yup, this is the first time (Being from the UK) I've watched the Draft live. What causes the delay in between the pick being locked in and being announced?
PICK IS IN STOP TALKING
I'm sure his three hip surgeries also played a part in it.
So am I. Colts should have gotten him. Don't get it. 
Roger looks mighty lonely up at the podium 
BOOM DYNAMITE
Hopefully he keeps falling to us.
BUT WHAT ABOUT THE GUY FROM STANFORD WHO WAS 6'7 7/8".

And no, I'm not joking, the NFL network literally listed that as his size for the draft.
Hate you too, man. I hope we all do better this season and make the division something to be proud of...didn't quite do that last year 
To who? Scherff wasn't getting beyond 10. 
Eh, you never know. Not a lot of football in his background. Could get a lot better.
Yeah, I should've probably made it more obvious that it was hyperbole. Just seems to have been a lot of them drafted this round.
God damn. Dupree looks scary.
You're going to need to throw it constantly because of that d but enjoy the ride.
And the best name in the draft goes to...
Elaborate? Not a good fit?
Because no other Eagle out crazies Chip Kelly!
He hasn't even completed a SINGLE NFL PASS yet. I think it's time to throw in the towel. 
Well its official. Cowboys are gonna regret not jumping on him. 
Patriots offer 4th round ham sandwich.
Be honest, you were going to post this no matter who was drafted.
Not schreff to redskins...
Byron Jones, Byron Jones, Byron Jones
Is that the the dad from the show parenthood
MURDERED DAT PUSSY
I also preferred Williams, but that was mostly colored by the fact that I'm a Florida State alumnus. Fowler played reaaaaaaaaaaaaally dirty in the FSU v UF game this past year.

So, I'm going to have to try to wipe college play from my memory and cheer him on in the teal and black.
It's frickin awesome 
Thats not king crab. Thats opillo or otherwise know as snow crab
Love the value. Good pick.

MIN Vikings select Trae Waynes!!!!!
Peyton will hook him up some Papa Johns. Because you have to be high to eat that.
DBG pick would start the craziness lol
Start him against Megatron 1v1 please
If Amari Cooper is as advertised (and i trust in McKenzie on that assessment), it makes the Raiders significantly better at 4 positions :

* X Receiver : Cooper
* Z Receiver : Streater
* Slot Receiver : James Jones
* QB : Carr

It allows Streater and Jones to play their natural positions. 

And since all three of them alraedy understand how to play all three positions, it can also allow some nice formation shifts. 

Williams would have been fantastic as a building block on the defense and to help open up space for Mack, so that would have been great also. 

I wonder if there was any doubt in the Front Office's mind, ie., I wonder if they were swayed by Williams' passion for the Raiders at all as the fans were (probably not).


I mean, I hope he gains 200 pounds; clearly the league needs a DB version of Jared Lorenzen.
With the 20th pick the Philadelphia Eagles select Marcus Mariota, just to say f u to the titans 
God i hope so
Dat hair tho 



Also that defense tho.
thx dude
Wish is granted. 
Whaaaat
This really seems to make sense though with the Jennings pickup: Bring the vet in on an advisory role to mentor an extremely young WR corps who often shows with 3-wide
Wow, Browns really got shit on with the off the field stuff.
where do you people come from? i feel like it's not hard at all
imagining meat juice squirting in your mouth way too long. shooting tequila at the aria in vegas. shot per pick, trying to make it to 17
We should trade down...the people worth a 10 pick are gone...
We keep the crosses away from Riley Cooper...
Haven't been to the beach recently 

edit: Oh /r/nfl, how I've missed you 
Yes. :(
Actually we're probably more concerned about any past gang ties tbh.
AAAWWWWW
Jed and his roommates aren't getting along. He's rebelling
He was oregons heir apparent before Marcus came to town
Sad Eisen is sad
He ended the year on the 2nd string. Sucks cuz he killed it in 2013, but RB is a fickle position. 
Fuck it, at this point it's clear all the DBs are going to be gone. Now I want to see us draft Agholor. 
Okay I got you. No worries man. 
PFFFF HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA THEY PASSED UP WILLIAMS
Sexy pick
of course hes like big ben...
Is one supposed to be Mayock?
Mayock is killing it. 4/4 so far. Although it's always a bit easier at the top.
Am I wrong when I think there is a lot more DE than normal going this 1st round?
Hayward going outside?
DAMMIT PEYTON STOP IT. JUST CUZ YOU CANT WIN A SUPERBOWL DOESN'T MEAN YOU HAVE TO ANNOY US FOR ETERNITY WITH YOUR NATIONWIDE COMMERCIAL.
Why have you been so quiet Chip? I wanted Chaos 
2 firsts a third, one more pick and like 3 eagles starting defensive players
The Ravens being competent greatly helps me out.
This has to be Landon Collins to the Colts. It just had to.
Think he was the opposite of a reach
Worked for Woodson.
Giants were in a tough spot here. All the Tier 1 players are gone and nobody wants to trade into the 9th spot.
Our offensive line took HUGE strides under Mike Summers coaching. HUGE. The only guy who didnt take the strides everyone else did? Take a guess
As a UConn student, he certainly has the physical talent, but tbh I never really saw the production while he was here. Makes sense the Boys would target a CB though and his athleticism makes him a worthwhile pick IMO. 
As a Louisville fan my emotions are mixed 
Well that didnt sound like Dominic Raiola. Good pick Lions.
The need Williams more but they also need a WR for Carr I'd say Williams but what do I know. 
I think Kevin white can be good. But he had 1 good season and I don't think the bears should have taken a wide receiver in the first round.
They make great pall bearers too!
Of course. I just meant Jackson was the most recent one.
OUR DEFENSE WILL OUTSCORE OUR OFFENSE YOU HEARD IT HERE FIRST
Cmon Bears do something stupid
+100 internet points to the Chargers.
It's not Leonard so that's good I guess...
Why do people think white is a bust?
Most of those guys are in the NFL
Captain also admitted to ignoring the coaches. 
Jesus, the Jets defense is now the nastiest in the league. Holy moses.
I've been drinking, but I just saw him with a half smile and eyes shifting back and forth, like he was wondering why everyone was staring at him.
It shouldn't pop 
He will be playing RT, almost certainly. 
Dude, just take the money and play RB2. You're not an RB1 as was proven last year.
True but most of the guys that are being talked about here are first round talents that have slipped for an off field reason. 
Nothing happened, he's a late round pick who showed *some* potential as a rookie. If you roll with him as your QB you are taking a massive risk. If you get to draft in the top 3 and have the chance at a franchise QB you absolutely have to take the chance.
Is it something that would be agreed upon between the teams or something the league would impose?
So I guess 49er fans been in here railing against this guy. Damn near every new comment is about that. 

This is pretty much how I felt about Aldon so hoping there's a trend here. 



lol.. reddit's servers are already cracking and not even a single pick has been made.
Well...
The Browns will have a solid line this year. Smart choice. 
You shut your hoar mouth.
Well... What else is Denver known for? Mountains and maybe ski resorts. 
With their first round pick, the Philadelphia Eagles select...More Commercials. 

Seriously. STAPH 
WHOOOOOOOOOOAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. CHIP WHERE'S YOUR SHOE WHERES YOUR SHOE
That was the joke.
I have this feeling there is a hybrid OL/RB he is planning to play at ILB. So crazy it might just work.
What about Melvin Gordon to the Browns? Yay? Nay?
I'm gonna be soooo angry if we do! At least until I realise I don't know fuck all about scouting. But furious until that point!
oh ya. that's right. Thank God. Where would I be without your wise words? haha
Leonard Williams has got to be feeling salty as fuck right now
Lol good try
Like what? Any link?
Wow, how did the Raiders pass on the best player in the draft?
Because you risk losing the guy you want like we lost Bridgewater last year
Wow. I like it, most unexpected so far.
BPA is usually used in conjunction with trading up and down a few picks at a time. Rather than calling in the pick immediately, Chicago could have spent more time shopping around a move downward a few picks, and still gotten Trae Waynes to complete that shut down shell with Fuller. Now the Vikings grabbed Waynes, and we'll all get to see how having a corner that fucking fast and aggressive impacts our offenses.

But basically, it's just really weird that Chicago gave up Brandon Marshall and a 7th in exchange for a 5th, which is like getting your franchise leading receiver pickpocketed off of you, then they immediately spent a high first round pick on a replacement receiver.

If the #1 receiver was worth that much to you, why would you give away your franchise record setting #1 receiver for practically nothing a few months ago? It seems so inconsistent. Age is obviously a factor, but not enough of a factor to flip almost giving away a proven receiver for giving the highest pick you've had in forever for his replacement. Defense seemed to just be a foregone conclusion. How do you fuck your defense over that hard? You brought in a few defensive coaches this year, so maybe the theory is they can work miracles with even mediocre defensive personnel, but they're coaches that just got done being fired, so maybe take that for what it's worth.
Watch the Rams draft another D-Lineman
Leonard Williams must be crushed. Poor guy. 

And poor Carr when you guys face him.
for what?
Possibly.
wait what?
Maybe OL?
IT'S BROWNS TIME, BITCHES
"Drama"
Probably OLB.
The Full Nelson
Half right.
Run on corners right now.
I generally your opinion on football, you seem pretty knowledgeable. I can respect your big board. 
Thank god they didn't take that..
seems like Josh isn't the only Gordon that gets high af.
Pretty upset about our pick. It would be one thing if it was a third round pick, but we can't afford project players after a lot of our main guys have left. I really hope there is a huge payoff to this, if not, we are going to suffer badly. Hopefully the lower picks will compensate for this.
god I can't stand ESPN
It potentially affects the NFC east, going to be interesting anyways
Man that was too easy for someone not to say it. That joke got to the point where other fans were defending us from it so it's time to not be sensitive about our attendance. We know we're good. 
Please read my dick
Right. I highly doubt we draft 2 in a row too. But, who the fuck knows? Oz might do something.
Same division as the pats. So nobody cares about you.
I hope. I'm not happy about this at all.
Jets didn't need him kinda shocked about that.. But what a steal 
We drafted a goddamn wide receiver. Motherfucker. Nah, no need for Malcolm Brown or Landon Collins at positions of need. Let's grab a fourth string receiver
Yes this is great
PLEASE take Beasley!!!!
I imagine were gonna take that dude from Texas. Wouldn't mind Gregory though
Oh, my bad. Yeah, in that case, yeah you're right.
But you already have Manny Ramirez from the trade and Larry Worford...
*** Danny Shelton.*** to the browns
###DJDHSHBDBDJHCJSSNCHSHFJDHXHFCHEBFJC
8 Children. I can't even fathom having one. I'm one of those crazy people who believes overpopulation is a problem, but eh I'm just impressed they can manage that many children.
I don't even want to look 
Like urs
Uh you must be watching the wrong channel if you're not seeing highlights. NFLN is showing plenty of highlights with better overall commentary and coverage. 
Gotta protect the GOAT Eli
hang in there brother. leonard williams has dropped to us.
"The rams havent had a feature back since eric dickerson or jerome bettis" How about fucking STEVEN JACKSON, jesus Gruden get it together. 
WILLIAMS TO THE JETS PLZ
But...but...Mett was our guy! What happened to "Mett was our guy!"?
I hope they zoom in on the Miami skyline on his cap...
last time i checked kiper you liked trent...
Anyone else think he looked pretty disgruntled?
Nah, I think he went like 0-39 or something. 
melvin gordon?
lol nope
We are gearing up for the 2018 season. Better tighten your chinstraps.
And thus ends Chips would ride with a totally predictable pick. 

Damn good pick for the Eagles though. 
By The Ghost Of Davis!! What?
jesus
Someone has to defend all the WRs taken.
In addition to the ones stated, [Whiz stated](https://mobile.twitter.com/PaulKuharskyNFL/status/593939588164538368) it in the post-pick press conference.
Best corner, top ten worst human being in the first round. He is self centered and has a huge ego. 
Ha! Such a fuck
David Shaw!!!! Go Stanford!
I LOVE ME SOME SUZY KOLBER
BOOOO GOODELL FUCK YOU!!!
Wut? I was hoping for some WR. Anybody knows how he plays? 
I find it hard to believe as well. I think his biggest knock is that he's a "box" safety, so more like a linebacker. I'm an Alabama fan so I'm probably more biased than most but I think he's a great player. would of loved to see him and HaHa back together. 
Why am I even here?
Now it'll get interesting. Who's picking next??
Man, it took me way too long to figure out what you meant by this sentence
Not even the entire line. Just RT has brought down the entire unit ever since Trent came on board. I am very high on this pick. Hopefully Scherff lives up to the hype, but as long as the word "Polumbus" never enters my ears again, I'll be happy.
keeeeppp waiting Bucs.
Seriously? Fuckin wow
Well Beasley is definitely a good piece to add to the team and help their pass rushing.
No, it's just the Rams weren't even really mentioned as a spot for Gurley pre-draft 
Over Brown?
I really wish that they wouldn't spend 5 minutes breaking down every pick and just get it over with when the team behind them already has their pick in.
Actually, when talking about these guys they make a distinction between quickness and speed. I'm not sure what the difference is but he wasn't just babbling.
is the nfl.com stream have the draft yet?
This is literally the correct answer. I'm at work but the NYT had a feature on him. I think he gets the pick even before the commish. 
I'm surprised 49ers didn't want him
This is the spoiler thread, bro.
australia motherfucker
And A.J
You could just use less linemen and have the rb on the line as an ineligible....oh wait. nevermind.
Like real good
so funny to see these guys talk about mariotas future so nonchanlantly. like, titans can pick him and then trade him, and he can end up here, or here or whatever. 

Mariotas like fuck, this is my life u guys are talking about.
Bingo!
I dunno if they really needed to trade up for Ray.
Sucks for Detroit. Everything I heard said they loved him. 
They already have Richardson/Wilkerson I wouldn't have taken him as the jets

edit: Richardson or Wilkerson don't remember which one plays the 5-technique 
Well, we need a QB. He may be questionable off the field, but he balled on it.



The Jets D-Line is already stacked. Not sure why unless they trade Wilkerson.
OUI OUI OUI
OZZIE MAGIC INCOMING
Holy shit His voice is beautiful
Cam with a hook-up for free crustaceans. 
valuebros! eh? ehhh?
Foles. Just Foles. 
It isn't a strength if it's losing us numerous important games.
That would be ideal lol. I don't know much about Olineman this year. Just very curious
Love this pick. There were no OTs or WRs with round 1 grades left in our book. You never, ever reach for need- especially in round 1. Shaq is a baller and will contribute to our defense. 
You don't need Mariota, you got Zach Mechinheimer!
Breaking Buffalo.
Fucking Ravens and their receivers. 
9
is acualy Revan-era Sith Emperor
Haha you realize this is what skins fans say every off season right? Every off-season is their best yet.
Stacy didn't contribute much last season, and Gurley and Mason in rotation could end up being the best tandem in the league. The OL we do have are run blocking first. We still have FA and 6 more rounds of draft, as well as Stacy to possibly trade for a pick.
Seems highly unlikely.
I mean, Carr must be happy to get a terrific target. But man, passing on Williams...not sure about that one.
They asked Shelton about his dead brother in the interview right after he was picked.
Best post pick interview I have ever seen
man, he softballed that one to you
NE will trade down. 

Or draft an injured player who can't contribute. 
Yeah, we passed him up twice, there's obviously something we didn't like there.
No offense but i wouldn't call it a steal considering how much you gave up to get him.
Edit: a letter
They forgot about Tre!
YEP! 
Hey, remember that time your brother died and it really fucking sucked? Let's talk about that right now on national TV. I fucking hate that.
Pretty good safe pick for the Browns, they're having a pretty nice draft so far.
Overhyped because of 1 good year... enjoy the bust chi town LOL
now its dead. 
Not a hockey fan but go local team
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I'll touch the fuk out of him
MARCUS MARIOTA DRAFT PARTY WAS JUST A PIC OF EISEN
WOOAHHH
oh shit, thats a great pick
/r/ididthemath 

That intro gives me the impression we won't be hearing "I'm the Man" this year.
I could swear ~1.1 hours ago they said the rest of the draft would be commercial-free...

Was that when I temporarily switched to the (terrible) NFLN stream?
At this rate the Jags and Raiders pick will be announced at the same time...
hmm everyone likes our picks and I'm just over here reserving my thoughts until i see how they pan out in the nfl
Wow panthers pick is already in
My brother knows his sister that's related to his younger brother. He told me that he's going to retire soon. 
Ban for doxxing inc
Finally! A trade!
Good. Gooood.
lol nope o/
God I forgot how ugly those Browns jerseys are
Do they have an o line? Is MM just gonna get flattened? Does he have anyone to throw to? Haven't we seen this exact same fucking situation a thousand times before? 'Fuck it, draft the talented kid and throw him in their and see if it sticks. We don't have a team to build around him but maybe he'll do 100% of the work for us. Worth a shot.'
That was a weak-ass trade. I want on Chip's wild ride damnit!
Wow, a running back in the top ten. Crazy.
I've seen larger. 6'10" 400+. He was a former basketball player who now drives truck. After surgery he's about 240.
NO WE WANT HIM
Horrible offensive line, just wasted a first-round pick on a running back.

*puke*
[Superfly](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cmo6MRYf5g), if you want to hear the rest of the song. 
Cause its the draft and he's the commissioner. You must be new here
"what is it about your journey that created all of this" oh fuck OFF suzie whateverthefuckyourlastnameis. 

Way to inspire millions of young women around the world to ask bullshit emotional questions that don't mean anything.
... WHAT IS HAPPENING
You would've loved to have him, don't lie
JAMEIS #1
Apart from maybe not stretching out the first 'a' how are you supposed to pronounce Nevada?

Who pronounces it Oregawn? I live in NY and that's not how we say it.
He looks like Vince Wilfork, with the size and the speed.
Especially stay off the side streets from the main strip.
That's why we need to get him to numbers to Sam the Butcher and Sue the Baker 
Lol you're always at the bottom of every Panthers thread. Nobody in our fanbase likes you, please stop talking.
Touching moment, but Tomlinson's voice sounds differently from what you'd imagine a guy as big as him would sound.
Maybe now people will stop critiquing the Titans for not taking a nonexistent trade.
An actual turnstile.
so many commercials this year
I'm here
we want that Seattle style D
Waynes and Rhodes, our secondary is going to be insane!
Ted probably had Randall ranked higher than any of the ILB's.
Why are they talking about his record. It was broken like next week 
There are no shoes left to drop
That's what I thought at first 
...cause we'll take him then 
That's a dedicated fan
I'd laugh my balls off if Goodell comes out like "I'm not announcing another pick until you guys stop booing me" *crosses arms*
*burger
I don't know. This is the ESPN thread
after flowers was gone i had no clue who we were taking besides reaching for peat glad we got hella value with gurley
Anyone else find it funny that the player accused of stealing and rape was taken by a team whose mascot is a pirate?
What challenging a fan to a fight on Twitter? No one in the locker room spent a significant amount of time thinking about that incident. Just because a player is distracting for the media doesn't mean he upsets the team's chemistry. The bottom line was he got into it with Trestman who didn't have a clue as a head coach, Trestman smeared him, and now he's gotten the cancer label. Trading him was more about age, cap, and talent as you also mentioned.
#MAJESTIC BEAST HYPE INTESIFIES
Marcus Peters to KC
Good call.
Calling him a person is generous
Makes sense.
ahahahahahaha! Take that Jets!
didnt get a single spoiler till 30, so tight atm.
Fuuuuuck Williams falls to 6th!
Winston was shown on the phone before the countdown started...why wait on the pick?!?!
WR please :)
FUCK I wanted him bad
3 first round picks for rg3....
What up EHS alum.
Thats too many goddamned kids.
R.I.P Tom Brady.

 Muhammed Wilkerson , Suh , Mario Williams, Leonard WIlliams , Marcel Darues , Kyle Williams.

edit: Sheldon Richardson - /u/Blinkme123
Hahaha ha. Oh Washington. 
Boring. Glad I didn't watch.
"NO ONE CAN STOP HIM EXCEPT HIS ACL INJURY"

What the actual fuck, Chris.
No Lofton, sorry bud.

Fuck I was so afraid they were gonna do that.
What mock are you looking at...?
Every damn thread about mocks said this. Every damn one.
Not a bad thing. He's just exactly who is thought raiders would pick. The best reciever. Amari Cooper just seemed like McFadden to me.
I'm not sure that we would do 19 + 20 + Mathis, to be honest. That's still pretty low value for us.
Que que?
I just wanted him to commit manslaughter on the field peyton would have been the perfect victim.

Yeah, but he's so good...
I posted this on /r/steelers because you did a great job. 
Going with Gurley
Doesn't Ha-Ha play the same spot?
[Here](https://twitter.com/jwyattsports/status/593939590005837824)
Skins take DGB I will laugh.
fight on you beautiful beast 
Fuck. 
Well fuck me sideways and call me betty. That was a curveball
He also said confident. Not wrong there.
FUCK IM DYING OF ANTICPATION
The great battle of our time.
Lol your fedora tipping wasn't? 
Scrub, a punk and a bad memory
Lol did Jameis just say he was turnt up?
Maybe, I doubt it though. I'm good with how it shook out. If anything, they'll trade back. We'll see.
this is exactly what they needed
My sources tell me he played SAFTEY in peewee
New Hampshire is pac12 now? 
Mel Kiper clearly just did a line.
I'll be pissed if we pass on him 
I don't know...*can you*? 
I can't remember the last time I saw a stand up shot that was this unfunny
"Fire guy"
NO ONE GETS OFF CHIPS WILD RIDE MOTHER FUCKERS
Or Shelton
Damn A&M has 3 straight first round tackles 
A life size cardboard cutout of Wes Welker
Lol SF was in the NFC championship. Titans had 2 wins. The dumpster was never extinguished to begin with. 
Lol I got a good laugh. Then remembered why it was posted and got sad. 
Well, I kinda like it for they didn't address their Oline or Front 7.
Gurley to Falcons.

Marshawn Lynch of the NFCS.

Bruce Irvin to Falcons.

EDIT: wow.
Football? So that's what that is.
The Jets FO hates Geno.
You got a source?
I just came

I WON'T HAVE TO RUB ICY HOT ON MY NUTS
Of course you will
I am going to bed!

Goodnight, all. I will watch the second day tomorrow, too!
It's obvious.
Not bad, Philly.
Who would be the LBs in that defense could Coples convert to a 4-3 LB?
See guys. taking Cooper wasnt dumb.
Oh boy, the Cowboys can get Malcolm Brown! The Texas Kid can stay home. Get hype!
Ohhhh
Great pick.
I BELIEVE THAT HE WILL WIN(STON)
Chip Kelly put names on a dart board and threw blindly.
For the second year in a row the Jacksonville Jaguars select a player from a school in Sunshine State
Na.
quick, someone tell me what to think
I was referring to the longer term trend of teams watching Williams drop over and over, so Chicago must have been focusing on the possibility of grabbing him, then the Jets broke Bears fans' hearts for the 2nd time this off season.

i realize this is the Bears pick thread, so I'm going to run into massive downvotes and hostility just for speaking up around all these Bears fans, but there's no way that the 2nd best receiver that put up a surprisingly fluky 40 time at the combine is the best solution for a team that has massive needs on defense.

My original comment was self depricating. Packers fans know all too well how a shitty defense can tank a playoff run even with a dominant offense. I was saying that, with how embarrassing our post season defensive collapses have been, and how much shit Bears fans have talked about them, you'd think the Bears would know as well as anyone how important fixing that defensive front is.

Hell, even getting a shut down secondary would have been intimidating. Imagine if you had Kyle Fuller and Trae Waynes buying a mediocre front 7 a few more seconds each play to get to the QB. Coverage sacks would be great if you could get 2 shut down man corners.

But not addressing the defense at all is just mind boggling. That makes no sense.
Noooooo :(
Damn. This is a really good point. 
I'm following about 400 people talking about the draft on Twitter. Probably same with other people here.
Yes!!!
Apparently he was the #3 on their board behind Fowler and Cooper so he stayed true to his BPA.
My wife made me laugh, she says Scherff looks like Jock Jay Leno
I'm sad.
I'm upset about losing Ramirez, I'm upset that we may have possibly been able to get him at 28th, but God Damn do I love me some Shane Ray.
Damn it Saints took Anthony. Best ILB in the draft.
We already called dibs
Well this is the spoiler thread....
WHY DOES MY DRAFT HAVE COMMERCIALS

No fuck us forget talking about the pick, we are horrible people for making predictions like every other fanbase
First "corn fed" AKA white pick of the draft.
i think this is more damage control than him confirming something he said earlier
Not quite related, but 2 years ago when we did a FF draft, we convinced one of our friends who knew jack shit about football to draft Sean Taylor. So, yeah. Now you guys know. 
***Packers select Arizona State Safety Damarious Randall***
Brady Quinn?
Evidently has not perfected the pull-out method.
oooooooh
I'm wwwaaaiiitttiiinnnggg
HERE WE GO BOYS! Settle in.
He had a ton of personnel power in Arizona, right? I think Webster's hemmed him in a little bit, which gives me some level of confidence. But I agree, his record is pretty spotty.
**N**
You need good corners in that division
panthers linebackers stacked
Todd Gurley
All the potential in the world.
I am so happy, I've wanted Scherff this entire time and have been adamant about not drafting a front seven defensive player. Would've been pissed not getting a offensive line or trading down and drafting a defensive back
That suit is...

Interesting.
Los Angeles is ready for you, Gurley.
How is ASJ looking?
anybody else just hear this girl talking to mjd refer to bishop sankey as a quarterback?

stop playin girl
lmao a center?
Thats how I felt when the Patriots drafted Vince Wilfork. I'll always love that fat fucker though, he is totally [the man] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmOCGM-QLq8)

edit: bonus- maybe the sickest play I've ever seen live: [link] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZE4AcaT5dc)
Who wouldn't like the uniforms? We are going back to the GSOT blue and gold soon enough anyways,
Time to speculate more trades for the rest of the night
I do too.
Watch them trade Mariota
Do the Rams have an o line for him to run behind? 
Don't question it just embrace it.
Our job is to boo at the draft
Am I the only who actually thinks Winston will be good?
Not surprising at all now that they have Leonard Williams
Great pick for them
OMG PICK IS IN
Fuck were not getting Melvin gorden
marcus mariato??
Why do they show the 40 yard dash for an OT? 

6'8 330? If he's running the 40 the ball is going the other way. 
The defense wan't really hypothetically good last year either. It was coming off of one of the worst defensive performances the season before and they didn't make many improvements.
Uhhh seriously? What happened?
WTF Rams?
Well I mean, he needs to save his career and he certainly won't be doing it on the Rams
/r/eagles is going to explode. They've been jerking him off for months.
He'll do it breaking up fisticuffs between Kiper and Gruden. 
Shocker 
Berman flopsweat 

Drink
They gave up a 4th and a 5th to draft a rb in the 1st round? Damn
Fuck Philly!
YEAH BOY. GO BULLS
Nelson was graded mid to late first round, which is where he went. An exact fit to replace Maclin in our WR corps. I would hardly call that a reach.
We can go back to the old fallback of drafting a 34 OLB that won't pan out. 
Impressed with Broncos and jets . Colts and rams picks were questionable
Expected oline anyway so I guess it's a wash.
seriously people look too much into the 4th and 5th rd pick. chargers cut a 4th rdr a few years ago in training camp. 
I wonder why the Ravens drafted Perriman over Strong. Could it be that they think they can coach his issues? I think that Perriman could have a Kelvin Benjamin like season, where he gets 1000 yds but still disappear and have drop issues.
Belichick's draft record with 1st round defensive linemen is pristine. He's earned the benefit of the doubt for hype
[Joe Mantegna](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1233195455/Joe_s_new_Publicity_Shot2_400x400.jpg) was drafted this year?
Nobody saw that coming
Woah there captain, you're not on the clock yet.
*RANDOM FALCON FAN*
Somehow I'm not surprised to see Tharold Simon on that list...
Honestly I thought he would've been gone at 32, could've seen him going to y'all. 
I realized my mistake right after I posted the comment, but when I try to edit comments on my phone, it says "You can't do that."
The ______ select double O from ucla
Thats....uh....a lot of kids

Yeesh. He against birth control or something lol?
what the fuck
Its Ah mee Mario-to!
Luh-a-vul.

Trust me. I live in Looavull.
Glasses and braces? What a nerd!
Cowboys select CB Byron Jones.
You deleted it, for shame. A captain always goes down with his ship
To give reporters time to talk and to verify things 
The Redskins 
I remember reading a lot of people predicting Fowler to the Jags and Cooper to Oakland though.
Maybe the 49ers had another offer?
Classier
This first round of the draft went perfectly for the Falcons
WILLIAMS ALL DAY
Chip has enforced a 16 hour-per-night sleep schedule.
No it didn't. It didn't escalate at all. 
Well he certainly did suck.
Cowboys looked pumped
I agree
OL or DT
Honestly kind of nice not having them be a distraction. 
Lol, remember Titans fans laughing at how Marcus was getting mocked to them because Mett was their guy 
These Old Spice nature commercials are stupid af
Unless they get switched to NFC if the move to LA works out.
Very versatile player. Can play safety if needed.
Most DBs taken in the draft ends up switching from corner to safety. GB just took a guy who is going to do the complete opposite. I hope they did their homework because this shit confused the fuck outta me especially when I thought we had already 2 young and really good safeties already.
Jax wasted no time.
SH-SH-SH-SHAKING IT UPPPP
Is that how you pronounce his name?
Doesn't matter got picks 
What a cunt
BEARS STILL SUCK!
Hopefully we get Irvin too
Fudge to NE.
I don't think theirs a way they move to the NFC because of LA
It was probably Tomlinson they wanted.
yes they should and I am hoping they don't realize that. We've already had Williams falling to the JETS I don't need Miami getting competent receivers as well. 
That was a joke
Lol idk. Either Goodell is the slowest walker of all time or the networks really want them to milk the time.
"Andrus, please watch this video of people taking food away from sad kittens. How does this make you feel?" - Suzy
MARIOT-O?! He fucked up his name
Wow, No Leonard?
Breakout star of the NFL Draft coverage has been Louis Riddick
BPA and fills a huge need. Fantastic pick for us. 
Maybe they don't like a rapist starting for their team
We'll give them Armstead!
Let's face it Detroit. We need the O-line.
Yes no Gurley!
Thought they liked their wide receivers
Fuck off Keiper
What? The Pats have a history of grabbing guys who end up falling for various reasons and having a lot of success with them. They are lucky the guys fall, and smart enough to pick them. 
Tebow will throw to this guy for 4200 yards, I'm sure.
FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU 
Lol Marriuchi taking pot shots at Al Davis
Tagged and shaved.
Who did Williams kill this afternoon?
Scherff 
You mean the Falcons dude?
Yeah that's a little fucked up. Oh well it's a business.

I despise boomer so I'm watching NFL Network
As a Colts fan do I want the Titans to have Marcus or a ton of future firsts?
No worries! 
damn, Tharold Simon...
this trade doesn't make sense why does Houston want Gordon?

they got 2 good RB already
MY EARS
http://33.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lzzn3gEWjK1r9fkxyo3_250.gif
"Did I go top 5?"
WOW.
Then you haven't heard his story about smuggling drugs into the U.S. from Canada.
He's not a partyer by any means if you compare him to other college players. Not even close. 

Everything has been massively overblown in terms of his "off the field" stuff. Tampa is perfect for him. Fsu fans everywhere, smaller town, warm weather, two tall good handed athletic receivers. 

He's got smart enough people around him to not go to Lodge. He's an accountable person. 
Exactly what I was thinking
The Holiest of Holys...
Please god no. I want Parker and trade up for Shelton.
Yea i was in wrong thread my b
Goodell has to beat off to the boos in between picks.
"Obviously if you drink the most unadventurous beer imaginable you must be very adventurous!"
Does Goodell say "Redskins" on stage? 
Chipception 
Gooood...goood.
how does he even smile with all his teeth like that
I was hoping Rams would get him so not that much of a reach. lol
Are you a wizard 
Jet fuel can't melt Leonard Williams 
Is this guy on drugs? I mean, I'd be happy too but those giggles are pretty wild.
Snape drafts Dumbledore
When was the last time no pick was traded out of the Top 10???
I like this guy good speed looks promising 
SOMETHING SOMETHING FAMILY
We will offer you Brandon Marsh...crap.



Well that would've been easy to find, now I feel dumb
Pretty sure his comment is based on the fact that wanting tall WR's was an excuse used to let Desean go.
The Panthers just drafted the Swiss Army Knife of the draft.
I'm going to reply to this semi-relevant comment because a lot of Packer fans are asking about this guy. He is not going to supplant Burnett. Burnett and Ha-Ha are pretty much locked in to those positions.

The Packers currently have two starting caliber corners. Unfortunately, one, Hayward, has been good as a slot guy and pretty poor as a perimeter cover guy. Micah Hyde would typically be a good corner, but he *also* has only shown potential as a slot guy. The Packers have historically played nickel more than they play base, so it's somewhat valuable for them to have three talented corners, and they badly need a perimeter guy.

This guy was known in college for being a guy who has a lot of splash plays. He is considered the best coverage safety, but it's not a huge transition for him to play CB, as he played a lot of man coverage even in his role as a safety. It's a little strange because I feel like he's very similar to Casey Hayward, so it's not clear he will be any better on the perimeter.

He's a pretty good athlete, maybe a little undersized, but fits the sort of Swiss army knife DB that the Packers have liked ever since they had Woodson. He also can catch kicks, which is a nice bonus.
Who do I root for? Who won last year? (yes I realize this doesn't work this year)
Um...wrong link...?
Is there a Titans fan here that doesn't like that?
Ohhh.....kkkk....
How the hell did he fall that far? That defensive line looks terrifying.
You deserve it.
To be honest, I don't know, I've never watched the guy, but I know a guy who gets really into the draft, watches all sorts of footage who says Erving wouldn't be an NFL-caliber player at positions other than center. He wasn't projected to be drafted at all until he moved to center, at which point he moved very fast up the draft charts.

You can get a versatile 6th lineman in the third or fourth round. It's not a given that he's an upgrade at RG. Greco is actually pretty good. He may end up sitting his first year - a first round center, sitting.
Draft Day
Hmmm. These past few picks have me mega confused
Philipp Dorsett? Are you kidding me??? Landon Collins or TJ Clemmings were right there!!!

Guess we weren't good enough with TY, Andre, Moncrief, Allen, Doyle, Fleener and Carter...
We still don't believe you.
Did they even need a pass rusher??
That shoulder injury scared teams away. Worst case, Williams could be out for the year. 
HE DEFLATED HIS OWN COMMENT 
Without a doubt - great pick up for y'all.
You don't like Waynes for being raw but wanted Parker?
I'm still holding out we can get Kevin White. NO KEVIN WHITE HERE
Webster just said they're not trading him. I wonder if he's serious or is just trying to drive the price up.
F- for talking shit with no flair.
I CAUGHT YOUR JOKE BUT THEN THE OFFICIALS OVERTURNED IT. NO CATCH.
> Gurley says in AMA he wants to go to LA

> rams pick Gurley

Rams to LA confirmed
Brown, Gregory, and Collins were sitting there... And we go to our deepest position. What the fuck
Most likely.
Yea, I don't know if it was for sure, but an aging guard like him doesn't really fit Kubiak's scheme. In Elway we trust! 
ARE YOU A WITCH?!?!?!?!
O-line is always a priority in the draft. No QB looks good without a good O-line.
Wow, RIP Mettenberg era 2014.
Even then, it was never partying. Never understood when seeing people say "better keep him away from Ybor." 
A Manziel mention is the odds-on favorite.
entertrain lol
Yeso
we gave up day 2 picks to get our man. i prefer this to ajs ryan mathews trade
Makes sense. Top player at his position and a position of need. Makes me sad he won't be there at 20 though :(
That's idiotic by both teams if true
Holy Shit Denver...
Never going to happen.
no no no... take them all... give us MORE reason to trade down and get a good OL and another pick!
I'm sorry.
More like, Vic BEASTley.
No. You can't teach size. He's got the physical talents of Calvin Johnson. 
In his defense 80% of it is there. 
Is he thrown off the team yet?
There is. I'd post the link...but literally seconds after I posted the FIRST link to someone else, it was shut down. So...good luck finding it *shrug* 

sorry, just seems like the NFL is clamping down on this shit.
>The draft is over

go ahead and delete this thread
Benji came in with major drop concerns. I think Perriman can improve and be solid. He does have the toughest mentor in the league. #ICEUPSON
Because the record he broke was set by LdT, the last Chargers franchise RB.
Fuck off Tre I guess
You tried. Some people tried.
my mock draft is already obliterated
That's two teams now who have only dropped a little and got massive payment. I'd love to hear those phone calls.
When does Uncle Rico get drafted?
He got replaced by better talent. It's not rocket science. 
I'm sure Bill's got something planned. And Cleveland is about to go on the clock soon(ish) they will likely try to trade given 2 first round picks. 
Yeah, it's Ewreck.
Did he just say "tennetea titans"? BOOOOOO
Really wasn't expecting an OL.
Riverboat Grigs just doesn't have the same ring to it. 
Warner went to Packers camp in 94, but was cut. 
Redskins take Scherff. Wow
Ah yes, the ol' Andre Ware-Rodney Pete scenario.
Someone that big should not move that fast....motherofgod.jpg
Fucking Christ. 
We use a top 10 pick on a guy with a torn ACL... and we have no fucking o-line. wtf?
This is the type of shit I hate. I've been hearing it all my life.



There's no such thing as "talking black" or "talking white."
Kevin White for Bears? 
Or they're doing some mystical thing called filling holes on their roster
Who would you say 1 is?
Ken "Mr. Flexible" Whisenhunt is famous for his ability to change his scheme for his personnel. jklol
You get good pick location in the 2nd and the 3rd, you could get 2 decent guys there.
Really smart pick by the Browns. Think he was the best pick there.
Jacksonville will go either Leonard Williams or Vic Beasley.

Beasley fits what they want but Williams BPA.
Not Armstead Baalke. He's gonna be a bust. Fuck.
Ive calmed down now. Waynes is obviously the better pick if Zimmer chose him.
Makes me think the people in the know, know something we don't.
Erekt
WHERE DO THE CHIPS FALL?!?
Gotta love Irvin suggesting wr for every pick 
Probably more likely you get Broadway Joe back under center
nobody really knows shit, but kiper and gruden are getting "angry" at (actually just playing off of) eachother. Interesting at least. Don't have NFL, so no opinion.
Bowles loves his 4-3 defense. This could be the best in the league.
Because he peaked, then went to 1200, then back to 1000. Not even because of his skill necessarily, but because the team lost confidence in him for whatever reason. If you saw, they handed the ball to him 100 less times in 2012. The meshing between a good O line and a great RB hasn't been with the Rams for quite some time now. 
He reminds me of Connor McDavid after the Oilers won the NHL lottery.
The pick of Kevin White seems a bit polarizing among fans. Some thinks it's bad, some thinks it's good. Is it because of the depths of WR in this draft and the Bears should go defense? If not White, then who should the Bears draft instead? Just curious. 
Longest five minutes ever.
But what if the falcons trade up 
who's to say he's a LB? Maybe he'll grow into a safety... or a running back...
Move around is right. There is going to be a bunch of different looks. Also at TE Jordan Cameron is a playmaker and don't sleep on Dion Sims.

Edit:switched Cameron Jordan to Jordan Cameron lol.
Working on beer 3 my friend 
Oh...mah feels.
Him and Dez are going to be sick 
First hour only
That D-line is brutal
Skins already have a probowl LT, FYI.

edit: also, every *other* position on our OL is filled with some hot garbage. RG3/Cousins/McCoy have all been getting wrecked cuz of it.
Oh
How did they not trade that pick?
Nah, to be honest I was upset. Hoping we traded back when he was there and took Beasley/Peat. Over the many minutes I've grown warmer I guess.
DAE ratings?
FUCK THE FUCKING JETS ARE GONNA GET WILLAMS FUCK EVERYTHING
I'm not saying he doesn't know more than us. I'm just very confused as to why this pick was made. Obviously secondary is a big need but we still have Hyde, heyward, and shields...we have Barrington...and who else at ILB. I guess that's why so upset about it
lol The Bears fans really wanted him it seems.
WOW! WAS EXPECTING WILLIAMS AGAIN
He might play guard
Marcus Mario...to
Jets got a damn steal.
Galette and Jordan can both put up 10+ sacks relax
Anyone else think Chip Kelly is going to just go ahead and draft 6 qbs and Oregon with this one pick
There goes the belichick whisperers pick
Fuck. Fuck... FUCK... FFFFUUUUUUUCK.... FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU.....
So.... Pats. 

Want to trade for your 32nd?
That Taco Bell commercial is hilarious.
People don't realize that Gordon played behind Wisconsin's worse line in the past few years. Granted it's still a great and big line but he is a baller.
Who's Jerome?
Eddie Royal is 28
I don't know how to feel about this. Gotta trust I guess. 
See, that's positive thinking! He doesn't *have* to catch those deep passes.
No. NO
Dorset may not have been a need, but be wasn't a reach... 
 
 
Tomlinson was the biggest reach 
[Check out this gif.](http://i.imgur.com/nRBlb5D.gif)
PICK IS IN. DID THEY TRADE? WHAT'S IN THE PICK? WHAT'S IN THE PICK?!
And they've played that same ad like 30 times when the only thing close to drama was the chargers trade, if anything.
Playing in a division with Luck 
The rich get richer.
lol they've already got Richardson and Wilkerson
Wrecked Hundley wasn't picked in top 15. All that karma I was farming for...
I honestly have no idea how Joe D hasn't been picked up as an OC somewhere else. I'm terrified of losing him
FUCK DEFENSE GET MORE RECIEVERS
NO. You can't have him.
He can learn
I FEEL LIKE I AM GOING TO PEE MYSELF AND BLOW A LOAD AT THE SAME TIME. MY KNOWLEDGE OF 8TH GRADE HEALTH TELLS ME THIS CAN'T HAPPEN --- BUT CHIP'S CRAZY ANTICS HAVE ME FEELING OTHERWISE!
what did we do? lol
AP :/
Dat hate throwing Godell off. 
Mariota looks like a horse that just won a race. 
We will have a replacement for manningface once Manning retires
I like and respect Gruden a lot but he seemed to be in full "opposite of whatever Kiper says" mode tonight.
Not a big deal. Cam will just stiff arm him down.

Especially since Cam is MUCH bigger.
ANNOUNCE THE FUCKING PICK HOLY SHIT
You have Kevin White and Alshon Jeffery. It'll be alright.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
1st today, 2nd and 3rd tomorrow, and the rest I think Saturday.
Oooo the Rams went and did it. That should be VERY fun to watch.
[MFW](http://i.imgur.com/ZxRqfGv.gif)
Holy shit. I'm on a roll with these guesses. I'm kind of proud of myself... and also sad I know this much.
Did Parker get caught with a dead hooker or something?
Beer 8 here. In Australia and totally miscalculated when the draft started...
Ray Farmer obviously visited Aaron Hernandez in prison this morning for lessons
2? Like 15. 
When the guys on NFLN started to talk about RBs I just knew.
FAMOUS JAMEIS!!!!!!!
Seriously, I think it's time to break out the 6 lineman, 2TE sets. 
More wrong than right tonight so far
More upside.
Irsay is secretly a Canes fan. 
That's too many children.
wow!
Havent felt this happy about a draft pick in a long time.
chargers are taking melvin gordon! 
I spend all my time on /r/CFB. Like, all of it.

Also, I never claimed to be smart.
To the Titans.
Dude.......
NFLN SHUT THE FUCK UP I WANNA HEAR WHAT WE TRADED 
So let's address the elephant in the room... how does Bradford do in Chip's system?
How is that any different than the Seahawks jerseys? They're neon bright green and blue... I think they look cool as fuck and I think the black and red looks cool too. Then again, I'm 19 so I still think these cheesy uniforms look sick.

But, I just feel like /r/nfl and reddit in general acts like they're all 30 year olds and prefers boring jerseys, but cmon, who doesn't like a little bit of flash?
I do too. But these picks are necessary. Can't fuck them up
Depending on how the dick ripping goes, they might not be anymore.
Will the Eagles trade now?
So is Agholor
This is the most coverage TB has gotten on ESPN since 2001.

Washington just broke my heart!
ARE WE ON THE CLOCK? WE ARE ON THE CLOCK!
Can Atlanta choose Julio again? 
I have this strange irrational feeling that the WR in this draft will be nothing compared to the ones in last draft/ 
"Say it again?"
I'm extremely happy. Ware Miller and Ray is going to be a deadly combo 
Damn chargers making the shoe drop
Mel is freaking out.
"That's Dalphin colors right there. The Dalphins are on the clock." 
-Rich Eisen
All love my brotha >3 Good pick in my books
Come on trade up Chip. We need Trae Gainz
[I want Marcus Peters...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkNlgpJQsC4)
Outside of QB and punter, yeah pretty much. 
Damn, now if only they could score too. You guys are gonna give the Gritz Blitz a run for their money. Best defense ever, still finished 7-7.
OKST
bold, I like it. Preparing to bow down.
For sure. Our backfield is full of potential but that won't win us anything. It would be awesome to see Richardson take off with Murray and have Helu in as a scat back. 

I hope Dmac tears it up for you guys. I watched him break off a few incredible runs and he's a great guy.
Worst. Top 10. Draft. Ever.
So eloquent in his speech. 
What about Tre?
Is he falling for a reason or just teams like others more?
wooooooooah
Wtf is going on right now Williams is dropping like a lead brick.
did it for the karma but I also think he will be pretty good
What's that? Never heard of such a thing? Is it like the Tampa 2 Easy to Score scheme we've used in the past? 
And then Gruden will bitch slap his ass off the stage. Can't happen fast enough for me. 
EDGY
Dude the sack exchange was in the 80s. We're the **SNack** exchange or the Sons of Anarchy
I honestly believe that was a skill unique to Torrey. I'm pretty sure he would regularly try to draw the flag rather than, you know, actually go up and catch the ball. Torrey had decent hands, but was really not very physical and had subpar jumping ability.
Lions- Megatron, Golden Tate

Packers - Jordy Nelson, Randal Cobb

Bears - Alshon Jeffery, Kevin White


Yea, this was definitely needed. 
That's a rare "1st round steal"
You draft a guard in the top 5? Are you shittting me?
He isn't the packers slayer.
It's about fucking time they close out that series. Shit
The offense has a dynamic WR duo in Vincent Jackson and Mike Evans, good stable of RBs with Doug Martin, Charles Sims, and Rainey, and have some talent at TE with second year receiving TE Austin Sefarian-Jenkins and vets Luke Stocker and Meyers.

But none of that matters if the god-forsaken offensive line doesn't get some young talent in the draft tomorrow.

Oh, and actually having an OC this year will be nice, too. Last year our OC Tedford had to leave just before the start of the season for medical reasons.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME? YOU GAVE AWAY THAT MUCH FOR A RUNNING BACK IN THE FIRST??

He better be fucking LT 
https://www.dropbox.com/s/ftyp6nmhrjy1dpu/Richard.Simones.mp4?dl=0

This was from last august. The club was working with some local filmmakers, so I got this done for free, which is typically the upper end of any comic's budget. 
The five S's. You're welcome.
as long as they stick to OL, TE, or LB in the 2nd they're golden!
"Predictable" /s
Biggest reach so far
Its equally lazy as your liberal. donkey-brained, cynical, conspiracy theories
A big part of the problem last year was the locker room and some think Marshall was a big part of that. It also freed up a lot of money at that position and could give us one of the best young receiving corps for years to come. It was the best thing available for us, but everything after this has to go defense.
This could be more exciting
Always have. 
Teddy is going to be around a loooong time on this team, they could still reunite.
Its whoever gets the card in first. And the Bucs can't pick until tomorrow at 8
Not too bad
Well if anyone can handle that prick it'd be Andy.
No problem, I just root for the Browns during the draft because the Steelers are always so boring. Cmon, trade raping the Bills and drafting Johnny Football was so fun last year.
It's a great pick.
same here
Well, looks like we're not drafting a left tackle...
They can trade any player until the trade deadline during he season. 
trae harder next time
Or not saints just took him
LOL WHAT
My draft plan is to fap to suzy kolber
Another CB.... WOW 
Winston. Hands down
traded
"Honey, let's send our daughter to a different preschool..."
There must be something wrong with Williams for teams to keep skipping him.
"If you view a player as a franchise QB, you take him no matter what."

"Oh the *Titans* took a guy they view as a franchise QB no matter what? Hahah fucking idiots who even is that team right guys"

If he pans out like a lot of people expect him to (until about an hour or two ago apparently), who cares what the Eagles offered?
No Teddy/DeVante reunion? :(
You see that dudes face? Lol 
That's not how you pronounce names!
nope.
MAYOCK CRACKIN JOKES DOE
booooring
I don't see enough people drinking at the Browns Draft Party. [WTF is going on?](http://i.imgur.com/3IcZfe2.jpg)
I saw the first few picks on ESPN, then realized I have the NFL Network too. Is he missing Eisen? Does he need a bump?
KUUUHN >>>> Horn
As soon as they announce, just go. The pick is sitting at 'in' for like 5 minutes each time now.
MARIOTOOOOOOOO
I like you. You are a deserving suitor already.
McCloughan bout to crush his first Washington draft
Kevin white has interesting hair
Dam, the bears are getting Leonard
Most of them are. Mariota and JW are at home tho.
The lack of surprises. 
lol that saints fan's reaction
The Eagles come to Carolina next year (where i live). You guys don't. I want to watch Mariota play next year. Also, i don't have a favorite NFL team, i just like watching.
Tourist? 
If jets get williams damn that dline will be unstoppable
The average /r/NFL user isn't a scout or a GM? Hold on while I put on my surprised face.

...

:0
Well, you have a stud WR already, you have a terrible defense, and your team just took a high-risk high-reward workout warrior. 

I'd be ...mildly displeased?
That has to be the scariest dline coming into next season
That seems like a solid strategy, but you are a Jets fan so it must be some sort of devious trick. I'm going to call Philbin and tell him never to play Stills in the slot.
No. Wilk is a proven elite talent. I'd much rather keep him and trade Williams. In which case, it was a waste of a pick. Should've just taken Beasley or White
A steal IMO. Kirk Cousins was going to be a second and Mett looks better than Kirk. If you're the Bills and have a team that's playoff ready minus a QB, you pull the trigger on that.
So much for him falling to Baltimore haha, didn't even make it half way
wait wait! Pats pick Malcom Brown!
Wow three picks in but not announced yet
TAKE HUNDLEY BROWNS. DO IT. NO BALLS YOU WON'T 
which we will draft 4 players that won't make the team and a special teamer. 
Doesn't a QB like Mariota need weapons to be able to succeed? I don't think a team like Tennessee is the spot for him to succeed 
and..... they went with Cooper lmao
Those are nice glasses
*WHITE MAN DANCING*
#N
COME ON THE PICK IS IN LET'S GOOOOOO
I'm surprised to see ol' Manny come out of retirement. I'd bet he's still got a bat though. I BELIEVE!
If he makes it to 27 there's something we don't know in the public. You're right, but BPA isn't quite that black and white either. 

The knee is still a small concern and I still think you can get a great RB at much better value at 60. 
The scouting department must have seen somethin they liked over leo so im ok with it. 
Gurley's not going to Dallas. I'm happy. 
New Yorkers man. Annoys the hell out of me. they also call it nevaaaada
I thought they needed a dt, why not get brown or Goldman 
Brutal. Thanks a lot, Bucks.
Ken Whisenhut is gonna ruin another qb
Coming from the Ravens this makes me happy
it got deleted
I wish the time from getting the pick in to it being announced was about 5 minutes quicker.
Mike Sherman was a tackle recruiting machine
Not a problem, just seems unnecessary.
Eagles were never taking Gregory, but I agree slightly with Perriman or Jones. 
YOU GUYS ITS HAPPENING ITS REALLY HAPPENING
i mean i can understand, Leonard imo is the best player in the draft, but getting a young qb more weapons to build his confidence is more important
Haha, that's jokw
Tampa, you're not fooling anyone. Just draft him already
Now to wait until September...
A 4th rounder to move back 2 spots. Nice one.
Not gonna lie, was hoping Landon Collins would be picked just to see the outrage
I'm going to be surprised if we don't trade down.
Fantastic! See you week one!
I've really enjoy Gruden shitting on Kipper all night. Not exactly a break out performance, but I respect it none the less. 
More importantly, there's kalua pork.
Then they dropped it on the floor and all the sequins broke off.
Doesn't have the possible rape either
> I'm not saying black and gold is bad

Right, because you'd be flat out wrong
Wait the Pats didn't trade their pick???
WE GOT THE GURLEY MAN
Wait, what's the official hotel of the NFL? I'm not entirely sure.
NOOOOOOOOOOO! The Jets don't need Williams!
Keep adding to that Defensive line. 
You're first just for replying. 

Yea, that's how we roll when we're mad.
Another star wars ass name
> You hope if he just sticks to one position he can learn how to use his hands, which he doesn't now.

Holy shit - he's played RB and doesnt even use his hands!
Last time I was in Texas I heard on the radio about a guy who got arrested for his 14th DUI. I still don't understand how you can spend enough time as a free person to get 14 of them. After the 5th or so what judge isn't just throwing the book at them every single time? Wouldn't you die in prison If old age before you had the chance to get #14? Anyone who gets that many DUIs should get taken out back and shot. 

Personally I think there should be some number where you just get life in prison. Clearly you just can't fucking handle not risking everyone's life. 
Maybe after a jalepeno burger 
He's gonna get so cold here.
Patriots once released a player one week after drafting him because of domestic violence.

(Of course, we shouldn't have drafted him in the first place).
White seems to be well-spoken. Seems like a great dude. 
You are correct sir
He's honestly the best RB that I've seen come out of college since Adrian Peterson. Power, speed, vision, and ability to break tackles. He can do it all.

Great pick.
Just realized we don't have to hear about Manziel for 7 fucking rounds this year
Watch the Rams move up for Williams lmao. 
we have a bunch of 4ths if you are willing to throw in a future 6th or 5th
Leonard Williams, you would look absolutely beautiful in black and teal and gold.

Come on Jaguars. You know you want him
What's actually going on? Lmfao
now wtf is Chip doing with all those QBs?
No corners taken yet. Keep dropping. Nobody pick any corners
Or Petty
I agree I just hope he doesn't bring trouble. 
http://i.imgur.com/gdkaI.jpg

If the Jets get Williams, that D is going to be the best in the NFL.
We don't have Polamalu, we don't have Taylor. We NEEDED a round 1 superstar starter. We don't have room to make someone over the next few years. We're going to have a rough year against the hardest schedule in the NFL. 
Gesundheit 
Grigson: "Our best defense is no defense."
Funny NFL network said one of his strengths is tackling and that was consistently rated as one of his strengths his whole career at MSU. Gruden was way off on that one 
He was drafted in the 6th because of a knee injury, was going to be a 2nd round draft pick before that probably.
Fuck you, Washington! That was our farm boy!
Joseph is probably going to be a cap casualty after next season
"Coming this Fall....The story of a man, put in charge of a group of men who were headed for disaster... All hope seemed lost... But now, he's about to change the game... Forever


Sam Bradford


Mark Sanchez


Tim Tebow

And Chip Kelly

Star in: 

Heart of an Eagle

(Rated R)"
Don't the have Mason and Cunningham?
Fuck you Mariucci, SOMEHOW a Raider fan. Eat a bag of dicks
I KNEW IT
Wil Baumann?
Goodell is literally HHH. Everyone hates and boos him no matter, but he doesn't care and just does what's best for business. 
Except Oregon had the better team as well.
Melvin Gordon [Proud to be a charger, Get my jersey](https://twitter.com/Melvingordon25/status/593957124650061824)
Now we have to. Robinson is gonna get destroyed by him.
Wow, that was unexpected!
I can't believe we passed on the best player in the draft, but I'm not even mad because AC/DC.


If Witten's not getting any older, they're probably set at TE for perpetuity...
It's happened to all of us
Uncle perriman
Snapple is based in North Carolina IDIOTS!!

edit; I was wrong it was founded in Long Island... god dammit why do they get Snapple too they already have enough...
Hahah...ha...hheh....hhh..fuck...yea....fuck....
He just needs to pee
Going to be a bust. Doesn't play as fast as his speed would indicate.
SKOLLLLL

TBH, I don't give a shit about other's expectations.

All I can do is hope that Winston realizes how much serious money he can gain by working hard and being good. 
You are a Georgia fan not a falcon fan 
Well, that's boring.

Just kidding. That's awesome.
swag
They announced him as a linebacker
**WHAT**
that was a load of shit anyway
Not now!
and [who are they?](http://i.imgur.com/o3bRem7.png "actual secret girlfriends?")
Can you really blame him? He's not gonna get a fair shake in Tennessee. #2 overall vs 6th (?) round pick doesn't end well for the 6th round pick.
I think if anyone could have the insight on a QB it is him.
Nah dude we're definitely beating you guys in the AFCCG this year 
I'm feeling rather... Randy
The NFL draft is now operating under white elephant rules.
Especially after they trade Wilkerson.
[**@JaysonBraddock**](https://twitter.com/JaysonBraddock/)

> [2015-05-01 00:27 UTC](https://twitter.com/JaysonBraddock/status/593934794012000256)

> Texans expected to trade back unless "blown away" with someone still available at 16.

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

What did we ever do to you?
We already have Lynch and Aldon at that position but hey, Baalke drafts weird.
**bud dupree to vikings?**
You're getting Kevin White, chill.
So the Redskins didn't get a pick again this year. 
I'm so sorry 
Jelly.
Go get him Grigson. Having him and a healthy Art Jones would really help with our run stopping problem. Perfect scheme for him as well. Get it done.
THANK THE LORD BRING ON COOPER OR WILLIAMS!!!!
seems like most picks have been WRs or CBs.
Well weed is legal in Denver
I would have liked to get Williams there then take sammi later! If he can get over the drops sammi has huge upside.
Probably stems from [this link](http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/nfl/titans/2015/03/24/ken-whisenhunt-marcus-mariota-oregon-tennessee-draft-starter-zach-mettenberger/70372812/)

>"If we pick him at No. 2, you definitely think he can be the Day 1 starter," Whisenhunt said during Tuesday morning's AFC coaches breakfast at the league's owners meetings. "He was impressive. ... Just the short time we spent with him on the board, he was very good.
That's how we show dissent
Tre Mason / Benny Cunningham / Zac Stacy and Todd Gurley... I haven't seen this much running backdepth on our team in my life. 
Rams submit proposal to the NFL to allow multiple kickers on FGs and extra point attempts. Create next level plays with 3 or 4 kickers going at the ball at once. Overtake the NFL before they catch up to the meta.
They should confuse goodell by cheerin
YESSSSS O LINE!
Lol. So many boo's for Goodell. 
I am the system Bobandy
so much so that they sold the brand to the Indians :p
We just overpay our backs. 
The commish
Why is everyone saying this? It's not like the NFL just stops testing for marijuana because you play in Denver.
Which one is faster? That one.
Respect the shield, not the players.
swer on me mothetr
Damn. I figured we wouldn't get him, but I didn't want him in the division.
I can't wait for the Ravens to pick some no-name small-school player in either/both of our next two picks.
they selected offense the last 4 drafts
Lmao....
They're adding a Coop to their garage, of course he's happy.
Gurley is better. 
"I wouldn't have drafted Adrian Peterson in the first round" 


That's all you need to know about Kiper the scout.

sounds about right
I think we need a random drug test done on him.
The ride continues!
D-line baby!
That's actually an awesome idea. 
according to my sources, he's already gone
Lerrville. Haven't you seen that crap orlando bloom movie? Elizabethtown!
I don't think he'll be a bust. I just think Mariota will be the better QB over time.
2spooky4me
GOOD GAWD ALMIGHTY THEY'VE KILLED HIM
I'm guessing they take Fowler here?
[Nippl-E](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNoS2BU6bbQ)
Adrian Peterson. 
If the Jets steal Williams from us I'm going to cry
Are they spitting?
Holy shit my mind warped back to the 2000s for a sec
who is this dude who keeps making DGB posts
Mariota wasn't there either. 

Mariota is Ryan Leaf confirmed. 
New plan, make them throw fast too
YEAH BABY! Awesome pick!
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
A shoulder I heard.
Cowboys already drafted.. this is ridiculous how long they take to announce.
Pretty boring but his analysis is good.
Randall over Landon Collins?
Apparently the Eagles wanted him as well, but Reid said no to the trade.
No we just hated the idea of it.
Shane Ray
It's a lavalava, traditional Polynesian clothing
Trade! I wonder who the Chargers will take.
[I think I just sprained my hype boner.](https://archive.4plebs.org/boards/pol/image/1386/24/1386249086804.png)
REGGIE YOU BLEW IT
Just as good as Reigns on the mic
Dat clock going to go down to 0. Unlike r/thebutton
We might have to since Tramon and House left
Manny Ramirez, 1st round pick, 5th round pick, 2016 5th round pick.
Nah, [Matthew Slater](http://i.imgur.com/mcstqYK.jpg) as Stevie.
You already have 2 of the 5 three sigma athletes, you can't have a third!
You're my best thread too!
How do you know? I saw a thing on him earlier climbing draft boards. If you look at how the Cards used Buchanan, you can see how a versatile player can fit into the mix. Capers doesn't use a lot of base packages and gameplans specifically to the other team. I'd have faith in the fact that the Packers draft football players rather than guys that just fit into a specific slot. 
They smoke their own product.
This is such a Tomsula Pick. Dl coach taking DE on his first draft.
We didn't get Landon Collins and Gregory isn't drafted yet. I'm really surprised by all this.
Ray looks hungry, man. 

Edit: That wasn't a munchies pun. He just seemed ready to get after it. And by "it" I mean QB's. 
He is big, strong, and pretty explosive. He is the tallest d lineman at the combine at 6'7" and is 292lbs. He usually controls offensive linemen pretty easily. He might not seem like a stand out right now, but he is only 20 so he is still developing (both physically and mentally) and I think with good coaching he has the potential to be great. Idk, I'm not really the best at describing people.
His size will be a factor in not stopping the run
I've always been bad at counting syllables. I hated syllables day in elementary school.
FUCK ME FUCKING RUNNING Vince Young has ruined me for taking quaterbacks that early in the draft

What the fucking fuck
And Jarvis !
Shit, Stacy just got to watch them draft his way into a 3rd down back role. And that's if he's lucky. 
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Gruden and Berman at the same table, I cant handle this!
**MARIOTA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WELCOME HOME BABY!**
Not wrong apparently. 
Well he wont have to worry about that for long
Fangio could probably give us fits with DIII players. I don't want a talent like that in Chicago :(
Rip two QBs careers, we hardley knew ye
Also rooting for Jags and Ravens as side teams, checking in. 

Jesus, your brain sucks. 
Marriato? Oraygon?
As a Spartan fan I am glad to see him get picked so high, as a lions fan I hope Stafford can get it past him.
That's a lot of picks. I'd take it if I were the Titans. ..

Cox and Casey plus picks? Awesome
Jets get Williams? Fuck that
WOOOOOOOH LESSSSSSGOOOOO
NFL mod bout to shut your shit down 
Hot
[Ereck Flowers kickslide is hilarious](https://mtc.cdn.vine.co/r/videos_h264high/D04285EEE51180574786439516160_SW_WEBM_1424445159227ab51e1ef03.mp4?versionId=E8oqKtl2CsWU7rwuhSQu0LpmyxEKiZb9)
FUCK YOU NFL NETWORK YOU WENT TO A COMMERCIAL ON US AGAIN
him or Laken Tomlinson, based on when I started hearing about the trade attempts.
For a trade down, which didn't happen. I don't want this pick. We literally have no use for him. 
The titans should of traded. 
So water *is* wet
Watch it be Bryce Petty or some shit
New rules? You mean those ones from the late seventies that Dan Marino also played with?
Jets, Steelers, Pats. Leonard Williams at 6, Bud Dupree at 22, and Malcolm Brown at 32 all seemed like legit draft day steals.

Dupree in black and EDIT: yellow just makes sense. He destroyed the combine, and is exactly the kind of player that used to be the centerpiece of Pittsburgh Ds.
I'll give you a 5th round pick for your first IF Parker is there.
I see it this way too and it's fucking stupid. 
Fucking ESPN tipping the picks again.
Am i the only Jets fan tired of having a shitty defense outside of the d-line? Unless we trade Wilk, fuck this pick
No. I've been watching intensely for 17 years now. I just feel that since this guy has a sub 4.5 40 and given his size, with the BIG 12 games I saw with him, I like his chances. 
That definitely makes me feel much better. He is the main reason I cheer for the Lions over other teams. 
Fuck you guys 
Pretty big reach in my opinion, but hey maybe I'm wrong. I'll root for the kid. He's a good dude. Have fun, Jags fans.
We also need those quick shifty guys to block so it's not immediately obvious which receiver is getting the ball on those bubble screens. So nope.
They went Gurley
At least it has beaches and very nice weather and he's really close to home.
I'm pretty sure any rush beyond like 3 yards was a miracle
[Falcons trying to get back in the first round?](https://twitter.com/RapSheet/status/593960452649943040)
GOATroplo
Rob looks stoned in that gif
Quinn's defense isnt really a traditional 4-3. One DE plays the run and the other rushes the pass. 
Lichtensteiger is not garbage.
yeah call me a noob but ive never heard of bryan bennett . i had no idea he would be in the first round
Stoogetv.com
Fuck can this guy ever catch a ball. AND DAMN HE QUICK. 
Like throwing on the one
We know. Jerk.
Swap you for Mack or Cooper
> It's going to be nigh impossible for him to make that roster now.

I'm not sure that's true. It'll definitely be hard for him to make the field, but I think we'll retain him. Our wide receivers are Hilton, Johnson, Moncrief, Dorsett, Carter and a bunch of lower-level guys.

We've typically gone with around 5 active roster receivers, so assuming Carter isn't beaten out by somebody who should be worse than him, he'll make the team.

These are the others: Kadron Boone, Vincent Brown, Josh Lenz, Ryan Lankford, Griff Whalen, Josh Cribbs. Not a very inspiring list. Whalen has been an occasional roster member and Cribbs was once a premier returner who made a couple critical errors for us last year. Duron Carter should beat them all.
Obscure Fact: Kevin Johnson was named after PG Kevin Johnson of the Phoenix Suns ^^^jk
By the time this draft is over Chip Kelly will be dropping socks.
"I don't think Andrus Peat has shaved yet"
after getting drafted by a division rival

i mean, home town kid who should've had no business going in the first...but still
Could Miami possibly screw this up and not take Parker? I don't doubt it
Nah, he's their guy. THEY SAID SO!
Hate you guys but damn if I don't respect (most) of Yall. 
Kiper fucking had him to us at 9 in his latest mock draft. 

WHAT THE FUCK DOES THIS GUY EVEN ACTUALLY GET PAID TO DO
Drop the shoe!
Agholor plz
If Goodell mispronounces the next picks name, I'll be convinced he's doing it on purpose because he's being booed.
Ugly af
Holy Shit the NFL network coverage is awful. 
Shhhh let's just focus on this 
GIVE US BEASLEY PLS
I feel like a fucking moron now. Good call man, my bad
Smart 
Is chip going to form a 11 qb team?
For Mariota no less.
What.........
[We know] (http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34grrm/zach_mettenbergers_agent_seeking_a_trade/)
A running back coming off a torn ACL goes top 10?
Why did Chris Berman reference the JFK assassination? 
GUYS DO YOU THINK WE CAN GET WILLIAMS IN THE 2ND? 

NOT OVERREACTING OR ANYTHING 
I swear I was just thinking the same thing. Lol
Do it Chip, do it for the Karma 
DAMN!
As long as Leonard falls to the Texans. Plz 
Yeah, just think is we still had Leslie (great guy, terrible HC)? I'd have hated this pick.
Yes, exactly that. He'll be our slot corner and Hayward will transition outside.
Is that a good source? No way that passed on all that for 1 trade.
Trade down Jets... you know you want to
I feel there were better players on the board
two 5ths and Manny Ramirez
Those braces threw me off
I think 5 years from now, when everyone redrafts with hindsight, he will be the #1 pick in every scenario. He reminds me of Calvin, being big and strong with elite speed, just a bit smaller.
Hope so. I'd love to see him in Philadelphia.
http://www.tv-link.in/espn.php
It's happened. Can't remember the situation
Fuck you, Titans. Also, you fucked up his name, Goodell.
I like papa johns :(
Skins could have traded down and easily have gotten their man. Not a bad pick, but could have been better...
We drafted him in the sixth 
Marioto I chose you!
Shaq seems awesome, but really Carolina? No protection for the best looking QB in football?
That hail mary against ECU was insane
WAT DA FUK

TUDD GIRLY
Good Pick Atlanta
Halfway in.
On passes thrown 10 yards or more through the air, new Cowboys CB Byron Jones allows just 16.7% to be caught, giving up just 55 yards.
Gettlemen seemed to have a real crush on Shaq Thompson the entire drafting process. 
Regardless of how much sense it would have made, I would have really liked to see them draft someone else just to fuck with the media guys.
WR, still not DGB. Sorry repeated topic guy.
Literally all of our first round talent was defense. Our quarterback was cyler miles.
Jameis was just compared to Matt Ryan...
Great pick if they don't trade Mo
how in the world do the titans not take the Eagles offer? i guess there's a reason they picked #2
Tennessee drafted Mariotto
I would say the same to Zach Stacy then. To throw your hand up and give up because you think someone is better than you before you even try is just sad and childish. I'm not talking about the money or the job or whatever, it's just bad character. If you read my edit I don't think he has a chance either, *that isn't the point,*

To give up and say "Oh this guy is taking my job better pack my shit," It just says alot.

I have nothing against the dude I think he can be a good quarterback. I think this is a stupid thing to come out as say right off the bat. And I would say the same of Zach Stacy.
Excuse my ignorance, but I thought Williams was the best defensive prospect in this draft?
If you aren't familiar with the mechanics of the games and/or never played them, it won't make too much sense.
He's getting free crab legs from the Publix in Bessemer, AL tonight. 
That Red Lobster endorsement deal is going to be inked by the end of the week. 
The next couple of years look very thin for franchise quarterback prospects. This year might be it.
Was it the synergy one?
ITWT
We're uh... building up tension? No one knows who we're going to pick!
49ers better hope to God that he's better than Dion Jordan. 
Jeffrey and White damnnn
Holy shit that D-Line. 
Chip you crazy fuck
http://i.imgur.com/S9CrotV.jpg :( dream is ded 
According to /r/fatpeoplehate he is a hamplanet. But they wouldnt say that to his face cause he would murder them all.
Do the Falcons run a 4-3 or a 3-4? I feel like with another 10 pounds, Beasley would make a great 3-4 OLB but I think he's a little out of place in other schemes.
definitely a bold pick. as much as i value the pass rush... i don't know, hopefully we got the best player available (taking into consideration his off-field issues).
Titants? Chicago? Eagles? Jets?

Who gets Mariotta. So excited.
I was secretly hoping he didn't get picked...Oh well
It's a race to beat Cromartie. 
Holy shit!!!
Good pick for the Vikes.
THE PICK HAS BEEN IN FOR LIKE 4 MINUTES. DO NOT GO TO COMMERCIALS.
Holy shit gif of the year.
BREAKING: Tom Brady has announced his retirement from the NFL 
Well that was a let down.
Solidifying the trenches.
I think Pittsburgh gets him with Troy gone.
dibbs on the brunette on mariaotas right

WTF CHIP KELLY?!? I WAS EXPECTING FIREWORKS!!!
Big Surprise 
Honestly other than Winston mariota and Gurley idk anyone else
Nope he wouldn't fit which is why you didn't take him.
This will be deleted 
"PICK IS IN" goes to commercial break as Monday Night RAW rolls on
Lmfao im sure he was crazzzyy about going to you guys 
rekt
DAFUQ?
Isn't Winston having less sacks than Mariota more of a reflection on their respective offensive lines?
Still kinda confused, honestly. 
That kid has Trevor Phillips' hairline.
According to NFL Mod he was
Alright alright I can float this
Do something crazy!!!!
Who's this douche
it's perfect.

next we go guard and then rb/cb and we are complete.

this guy is a monster against the run and good as a pass rusher

yo, you should really learn how to haiku. it's 5-7-5 not 5-6-5
Dude is a beast. Big, strong, and athletic
We are drafting Leonard Williams
I'll take one Vic Beasley and uhhh could you maybe throw in Bruce Irvin too? Heard he's going cheap! 
**A WIDE RECEIVER!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?111111**
Peters
"good receivers"
yeah marshall's a highlight reel alone I just wanted to talk trash lol
IM SHAKING AND DONT KNOW WHAT TO FEEL
Alright, so the way the defensive board fell...we should still be able to get a top-flight defensive player. Therefore, I love this pick. I personally preferred White, but I had him neck-and-neck with Cooper and Cooper's younger age and safer skillset makes the pick really understandable and safe.
Ugh fuck Williams in Chicago
Please, someone tell me this isn't the rich getting richer.
By the time the Pats draft all the first round offensive line talent is gone. That Guard from Duke is good, but should be a 2nd round pick. Still hoping that one of the remaining top 4 corners last (Peters, Johnson, Jones, Rowe). 
Holy crap.. Totally thought Washington would take Williams.
Were they scared of Houston taking a running back?
Nice!.....Wait a minute.....
We can at least get strong at the end of the first I hope 
Seriously. This would be a dream team for the way I play Madden. Although going by that logic, the Colts are going to have a lot of 97-88 games. 
What the fuck! 
Talk about being misunderstood....
suddenly a thousand patriot fans cried out in pain, and then silence
THAT'S SUCH A FUGGING LET DOWN
Yeah, just noticed - awesome! Thought I was going to be stuck with Jim White and that pillock called Neil.
BUT WHICH ONE
Thank you, seems like he's in good company 
Huh, lots of reaching in this draft. I think people are scared of trading for better picks.
Jets and Bears should have traded picks.
One QB throws the ball... The Other five throw Nelson Agholor
@ZSTACY_

> Yikes


What....
Danny Shelton's first NFL sack was on Roger Goodell
Fowler!!!!!!!!
Thank you for posting this. As someone who does not follow or know much about CFB this is good news!
If you're from Louisville, HOW FUCKING AWFUL ARE THESE SPINELLI'S COMMERCIALS ?????
Yea seriously...buddhathapug...WHAT AN IDIOT! :((((((.
Vic Beasley
damn that outfit is cool as fuck 
The Jets go Kevin White, right? I mean DT is not even close to being a need. So the Bears get Leonard Williams? Amazing
 Jimmy Graham and JT have played basketball in case you didn't know /s
Jacksonville picked like they thought it was a footrace for the third pick.
If you're reading this. Mariota is already gone.
http://i.imgur.com/Scl5rwX.gif
Stop spamming the feed with this same post topic. It's getting deleted for a reason. 
Stacked box. Nursing hip. Poor game plan. Not a mystery.
Quote of the night was by a Colts fan, "I need to find a blender to stick my dick into"
No, he actually just read it on one analysts blog. He can't even remember if what he's saying is about the right person.


OH GOD WE'RE NEXT...
Yea, $31.5 mil of his $126.7 mil contract has already been paid out.

The remaining $94.2 million is chump change. 

http://www.spotrac.com/nfl/chicago-bears/jay-cutler/
I hope they do for his sake. All passing behind that line will do is lead to him scrambling to much and the eventual injury that comes with that.
Very solid pick 
... of Marcus Mariota.
something something west virginia 
Shit, we are going for Armstead aren't we? Shit.
SHUT YOUR WHORE MOUTH. 
They started as soon as the Packers came up on the screen lol. Then shortly followed by Go Pack Go's 
Raiders, don't fuck this up. Put Williams on the field with Mack
Tavon could probably unleash some vicious crotch shots to their O-line
I wouldn't call him a shit pick. He's definitely not the best decision at 10th overall but rookie TEs aren't really known to produce. 
I'll take 1998 Charles Woodson, thanks 
The blonde looked pretty disgusted too.
Chip ''nut buster'' kelly
He wasn't as bad as ours. But he's a bottom three pick.
How'd they find hats big enough for some of these guys hair?
He'll be starting at RT. Laken will likely be our day 1 starter at LG
All the Niners retired this year
Something something aaron rodgers :)
I wouldn't be telling him otherwise. He's a fuckin unit
Mike Sherman had flaws as a coach, but wow did he seem to be able to recruit offensive line at Texas A&M.
yfw da burs win te superb owl
Sloppy seconds confirmed
Not bad.
He is a Cards fan.
/r/nflstreams but from the comments, a lot of them went down. 
Touchdown Seahawks
Open your eyes, Jameis.
Yes it has?
lol fuck! who told you!
Apparently not for them. 


Hell I dunno. I would have liked OL or WR...but whatever.
It's not a sexy pic but he's a stud. 
That is a pedestrian move for Chip.
That fan shows exactly how I feel
Very surprising he fell this far. Glad he's not in the fucking AFCE
Bruno Caboclo?
Ronnie is a free agent. :3
Didn't get a trade but I'm excited to see what we can do with this kid. 
Does, Does that mean we can get Williams?
I think you're right.
Isn't he getting paid like 35 millions for 5 years? That's a damn steal.
In front of?
ITT: Niners fans don't take jokes well
Mariota looks super nervous. I would be too!
Jamaal 2.0
Great, I can't wait for the Flacco-to-Perriman pass interference bombs next season
Smith Sr will straighten him out.
the award for strangest intro song goes to..
We're obviously superior to all those ESPN plebs.
You can still trade for the player. It's not too late.
Is it Marioto with 2 T's or just 1? 
I believe you're right. Still, I think my point stands. I wouldn't read too much into it just yet, especially for a player with a skillset as diverse as Shaq's, who doesn't have a concrete NFL role ready made for him.
We had a major issue at Guard. We now have a guy who can start immediately and a guy with elite potential. This was a VERY good and much needed move.
Fuck great WR for a great young QB 
His last mock draft he had them picking flowers....wtf
My prediction: Browns go with Parker.
Thomas Davis! KEEP POUNDING!!!
That girl behind mariota.....damn
That can't be determined for atleast a couple years. Reggie Wayne was drafted late in the first when everyone was expecting defense, he turned out alright.
http://www.theblaze.com/stories/2013/04/26/ever-wonder-how-names-get-on-jerseys-so-quickly-at-the-nfl-draft/
So im not supposed to post spoilers here?

How is anyone going to find this thread without seeing other spoilers on r/nfl

Edit: Appologies for asking a question.
I'm fine if ATL drafts Gurley.
[Here](http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap3000000489399/article/san-diego-chargers-trade-up-for-rb-melvin-gordon) is the actual pick, I cant find the interview and I actually really want to see it.


He also wanted to keep Foles and Mccoy as his starters. 
 
... as a non-Eagles fan I can't believe how much excitement he's brought to this offseason for me. I don't even care what his next move is (trades bradford for Penn State's waterboy?) - it's just so exciting and unpredictable!
Redskins.
Gurley converting to DE or something?
Username is GoCougs3216. Calls UW player "top ten worst human being".

Checks out.

As a head coach not really, but people forget that he was the offensive coordinator for the Steelers during Ben Roethlisberger's first 3 seasons in the league and he seems to have turned out alright.
what are the 9ers getting for this SD trade?
17 overall 4th this year 5th next year for this pick
26
I like this Louis Riddick guy. Smart, reasonable, articulate. Please get more guys like this, ESPN. 
Gaines suffered an injury once upon a time. That halted his play later in the season. With Gaines in the lineup though we were able to do well against Phillip Rivers and Peyton Manning.
It's idiocy. Great trade by the 49ers.
We'll show them next year >:( 
Are you trying to kill us all?
REPLACE ONE BIG BOY WITH ANOTHER BIG BOY.
nfl talent exists to create openings for college talent. 
That's the feeling I had last year - and it ended up being right.
I mean yeah but what other options do you have when you don't have a franchise qb? Select anything else with these 2 on the board and your fan base will burn your house down
Well, it's mostly just swearing. We haven't killed anybody... YET. 
MEL-GOOOOOR
How is this trolling?
Lebeau is at the Titans now.
No worries

Happy first draft!
Also, yes.
Ok. I'll take it
WE NEED A SEPARATE WATCHESPN THREAD, GODDAMNIT!
You guys got a good player. I doubt they expected Williams to be there. I think that's the only reason it is such a surpise. 
Nelson Agholor to the Texans now? 
No wonder trades aren't happening. The cost is outrageous. Great for the lions, though!
They dont need a defensive tackle
Here we go
Then what's the problem? 

If they feel as though they can parent that amount then more power to them. 
3rd round pick for first round talent...besides if you are wrong, [well you already lead the league in murders](http://i.imgur.com/m9CiIe4.gif)
I know this draft hasn't been exactly flashy, but you could make a case for every single pick so far being a good one 
"I'm blessed, want to thank god, want to thank my family." Jameis is a Bill Burr sketch.
Welp. Pretty sure we're trading down.
 [Straight LEIced](http://i.imgur.com/hJubtAF.jpg)
As he should IMO
Welp, looks like y'all made out huge. Getting ready to switch
Come to Hawaii. There's girls like that everywhere here.
What??? Cris Carter was wrong??
"Stephone Anthony"

*golf clap*

Nobody liked that pick, wow
Maybe iMariota is a smoke screen
still a REALLY good CB on the board...
I guess they're planning to win by scoring 70 points a game.
offense is the best defense
1st imo
I say no. 
His gurl?
No, the one Titan fan came 
We're how many picks behind right now? I counted 3 picks in and the 4th team on the clock.
If the Jags take Fowler, Cooper is yours. No way we pass on Williams.
Wilson easily has hof potential. Hes already got a SB, he just needs to keep growing. 
I'm joking.
The 4-2-5 could be in store for the Jets this year
Yeah, seriously. Just an awful person. 
They're worth 70% of a man hour.
Well, did not excatly work out great last time.
Pls Gregory
Yeah, I see your point. The more I think about it, I can see him becoming a beast under Jim. But damn, 3 straight super bowl runs then back to projects. It's just frustrating. I'm hoping for the best
When was the last time..?
Theme of the draft-Humble
Fuck twitter reddit is the future, REVOLUTION
PAC-12 juco transfer in the bottom of the first round....

Here's hoping it works twice.
He's always striving to be better. 
Wow the DL on the jets... jealous. .
We will also be allowing **one post** for each transaction it's own thread.
Jordan Phillips is still on the board
You mean paid market price?
and.... then they didn't even pick Williams... wtf is going on here.
He's got *carr*isma
tagged
AAAAWWW YEAAAA
25/18
No doubt. 
Hey AK
Didn't we steel Shazier from you guys last year, too?
*facepalm*
O-lineman who can play multiple positions are very underrated imo. 
And now he's falling. Cooper will have a great season and was a need. 
*Woah-oh black betty, Bampersand*
No worries, me too.
@ZSTACY_: Yikes.

https://twitter.com/ZSTACY_/status/593946934819180544
I'm relieved. Was definitely hoping you guys took AC. 
KELLY PLS... BYRON JONES
He also led one of the freshman "welcome to college" classes they have every fall quarter
Wait what? CB is fine with Jenkins/Gaines/Tru (and Joyner filling in here and there). Safety play was an issue but I'll bet Mcleod has improved
I go to Stanford, I'm so amped for this pick!!! Who dat! Stanford's got the best O-line in the nation, I really think he'll help us out
This just in: Redskins trade 3 first round picks for Markus Marioto.
It really doesn't matter much at the moment. You can build around a franchise QB. You can't build around a franchise DE. Ask the Texans.
Nah, his 40 isn't fast enough.
Hockey state second and we don't even have an NHL team? I care more about horrible Brewers right now than I ever have about the Admirals.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hftxypoSF
Anyone checking the drafted players Twitters? 

The shameless advertising is pretty hilarious.
Will it be White?
How about a fuckin trade? This draft sucks.
JAMEIS WINSTON BOOOOOOOOOO
typical friday night
Dale Carter
And not like it*
**THE REDSKINS FUCKING SUCK**
From Pot Roast to Pot Head?
Rb's not being important is a dumb meme. RB's are needed
Who isn't confirmed to be retiring yet
I'd rather have a LB in the second
Has any team ever not taken the full ten minutes to listen to trade offers?
Brees knees
pls stop
You're off by 20 years but I'm not saying if you're high or low.
Are you fucking kidding me!?!!! GOD DAMNT
Poor guy, he'll spend the whole season running for his life with only his Superbowl rings, millions of dollars, and supermodel wife to console him
The guy has a wiener on his head
In G-Man We Trust!
I'm sure Shane Ray will be happy in Denver
That's a lot of marijuana cigarettes.
Okay!
Niners will still beat the packers, we will just keep onside kicking and let Kap run all over you... Again. Or maybe he will throw for 400 yards against you...again.
I sure as shit wouldnt want to get on chips wild ride. Cant blame him.
Wow so up votes much comment. 
Your tears! They taste so sweet!
lolbrowns?
ayy 
Thanks, I wasn't paying close enough attention.
I'm shocked. I thought they liked Tre Mason and Zac Stacy.
That shows boldness. Hall of Fame move.
Everyone keeps forgetting Captian Munnerlyn and Josh Robinson!
Doesn't string bro, but I'm sure that'll trigger at least someone.
But we could've had the best *player* in the entire thing.
#SHOCKER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
100% perfect fit. Shit guys, we should totally be agents. 
To add to that, Ian Rapoport was reporting on this earlier. "Some teams flagged him with a labrum issue. Not all teams"
Oh good, it wasn't bennett. Nelson Agholor
Eagles pls make things interesting
Gametime!
I'm guessing the NFL Network coverage doesn't include awkward personal questions about dead siblings. 
I believe my hometown of Portland, Oregon holds that honorable distinction 
Please don't let Chicago get Leonard Williams.
And Sam!
So fucking ready. So fucking moist
You know Lebeau is with the Titans right?
I know that AC is the real deal. Was just drooling over LW and Mack on that D. Plenty of WR talent later.
I love how Goodell waves at the crowd as they boo him. Gotta love how little he gives a shit.
Reluctant?
Well, time to go to bed and dream that we picked a wide receiver.
The Gurley Hype Train Express has arrived! And so it was written..
hahaha
are titans on the clock as soon as bucs pick is in? or only after roger announces the pick?
Now's your time to shine Kelly. Give them EVERYTHING for Mariotta.
You guys drafted "Johnny Football" so I wouldn't put it past you guys
LMAO Rich Eisen with a smooth save.
*Satan
That doesn't fit with the 4 theme. 
Rams really trying to trade down I think 
If the bucs pick mariota...holy fuck
About time DJ got picked 
Gonna be a steal
We could have had Haha and Landon playing next to each other :'(
Goodell whispering in Shelton's ear after being picked up

"I'm gonna fine you for this, you flower wearing fuck"
Not just hours. *Man hours.*
YAY WE DID SOMETHING GOOD
Yeah, but 2 of our 5 last year were Scott Wells and Davin Joseph, so it almost literally can't get worse. They were both *easily* bottom 5 at their position last year.
Maybe he wanted to go to Atlanta?
It's why I'm on a twitter blackout right now. 
Really? Damn, don't know how I haven't seen Glennon, I end up at Dubliners just about every Friday night, and it's not a very big place. And it's not like I could miss him.

On another random note, I saw Doug Martin and Macdintons and after a few beers worked up the courage to go say hi to him. He was super cool.
Please not Danny Shelton!!!!
Hahaha you jinxed it so bad
He'd have been there in two more picks. Dumb trade, great player. 
I am for sure. Even though at first I was upset we didn't take Williams, Cooper is going to be great for Derek Carr.
A barrel of sauerkraut and boiled red cabbage. 
Giodude baby
I just find the "LOL WHO THE FUCK IS ERECK FLOWERS" reactions funny considering he was consistently mocked to the Rams at a whopping one spot behind us.

I'll reserve my judgment until he plays a snap
My condolences 
Saints are picking. QUICK! Commercial break!

DO IT NOW! FIRE EVERYTHING!
I'm a Miami fan, I'm so sad right now. I can't root for Flowers, and we didn't get Mariota.
 Not a great tackler? He'll fit right in
Cause they are discussing different aspects. He's an freak athlete who doesn't have the proper instincts currently.
In b4 nope
start of a new era.
I am glad for that. Good kid, give him a shot.
Good RB, but prob would have been there at 17. Wasted later picks, IMO
Oh. Ummmm. Thats, thats not right.
trae waynes getting selected by the vikes
like we give a fuck 
Jaguars finished faster than i do during porn..
and a need.
Anyone want to help a UK fan out with a NFLN stream? Believe it or not, our coverage over here is even worse than ESPN.

PM me if you are willing to help, thanks.

EDIT: Sky Sports is actually showing the NFLN feed - thank god - so I'm all good.
I was saying boo-ears.
I hope the Steelers don't take them. They need a pass rush just as much as we do.
Amen
bud dupree has two chains hair 
Seven picks, no trades???

WHAT THE FUCK NFL???
Down, and 4-4.5 hours (unless Mariota is driving him!).
You got me fucked up.
Kind of crazy that there's so many Uconn alumni in the NFL even though the school has been bad the last couple of years. 
Cocaine is a helluva drug
Come again?!
Why wouldn't they take that trade? 

Do they expect Mariota to break some records?
So much for that..
Mack is actually an uncertainty for the Browns 
like when keyshawn was on espn talking up the WR the panthers drafted a few years ago, only to end up been cut a few weeks later.
How does this affect the people you represent? ????? Please be more racist ugh.
Ok... so he's a *very accurate* douche canoe.
If that offer from the Eagles is legitimate, I think it would actually be in the Titans' best interest to take it. A rebuilding team can use as much young talent as possible. 
Jets BPA? That's a first lol.
He is. Fowler fits the Jags pretty well though. 
....Williams might fall to Chicago.... this was not even on my radar.... FUCK
I'd rather have Thompson than any of the OTs left.
Hmm...you should feel great. The Texans were looking to pick up Arian Foster's replacement and you guys traded up (essentially for free because later round draft picks are crap shoots for the most part) to deny them and get the best RB in the draft that didn't do an AMA (at least).
I'm already crying
>"They (Husky coaches) were so tired of him they virtually said to him, 'You've got a great shot. It's probably best for you to go this year,'" a scout said. "He made a lot of stupid 15-yard penalties. I was surprised (coach) Chris Petersen put up with him."

Wait whuuuuut. This is going to be a meaningless response, but wtf? I watched every Husky game this year and don't remember Shaq being called for anything excessively at all. If Peterson is tired of a player like Shaq he can fuck himself back to Boise; Shaq is a fan favorite, awesome pick Panthers.
Favorite pick of the draft? Davante Parker. I'm not biased. 
Erving is Legit. Can play any position on the OL
God, I hope this works out.
I don't know much about him but no one is openly mocking us so I'll take it as a win.
I'm ok with this. Nice pick. 
SO WILL DONETSK.
Why are you guys referring to him as a guard? He played mostly LT in college and excelled in that position. Jay Gruden has already confirmed that he will start at RT, given that we have a pro bowl LT. Those of you who think drafting the best OT in the class is a bad pick need to get your heads checked. This isn't even to mention that RT was the redskin's biggest position of need last season. In fact, Tom Compton was rated the worst RT in the league by PFF. 
TOPKEK
WHERE ARE ALL THE TRADES I WAS PROMISED?!!!!!
meh. I'm drunk and talking shit where I have no right to. I don't really know enough about the Cardinals O-Line to have an opinion but I hope you guys have a good season
He was one of our best offensive starters last year, he didn't need to be replaced yet.
I would have been happy. I hate that we took him
Shut the fuck up
He will be a Saturday pick at best, now.
The package of Cox and Kendricks alone is worth two firsts and probably more. That trade would have been an absolute robbery by you guys. 

I love what Chip has been doing but I was ready to lose all faith if he moved Cox.
Yes, and yes.

I'm thoroughly confused by this pick. It's not even a BPA pick
I went 32/32 but I guessed the pick after it was announced
I've got a 40 minute commute and zero interest in making it worse.
PREPARE YOUR DIDDLY HOLES

(FLAIR BET)
Thanks for the AMA, bud. Sorry you got drafted to the Rams.
They are pretty stacked at DT. 
So, Eagles didn't trade their entire team?
/u/edwardfortehands

>If Williams is available at #4 and we dont take him, I will rip my dick off

edit: omg yes. One Leonard Williams pls
Someone from the Bears said it was strictly money. The "locker room cancer rumors" was bullshit propagated by the media (mostly Chicago Sports Radio)
Thanks. A lot of people forget we often misused Capt. last year and hoped he'd be more dynamic in his adaptation out of the slot.
eh, they probably tried to trade back but no one NEEDS to get into the top 10.
Weiners.
Didn't some on this sub get shrekt?
Hope they trade Tre Mason. He deserves better.
Is he from krypton? 
get out of here. it's a fun time.
> Manny Ramirez

I am not going to lie, I thought you were making a joke about the baseball player.
I'm jealous of it
We're like the popular guns in COD.
Ahahaha so many 49ers fans talked shit about people mocking Armstead to them
Please be Leonard
You underestimate the powers of /r/nfl 


**- Wow.**

**- M'legedly**



Williams. Wr class is deep
True. I knew the ILBs were shaky at best for 1st round talents, but I'm shocked not a single one was taken.
Top 20 pick fell to BB.
I didn't, I said I was OK with him but I really wanted Dorsett. 

You can check the post history is that makes you feel better, but it probably won't. Enjoy the workout warrior. 
He's not giving up because he thinks someone is better than him. He's saying he should go elsewhere because his coach just said publicly that he's given up on the kid. Your coach just said to the world that Mettenberger isn't good enough to beat a rookie. But sure, place all the blame on him. You obviously have no clue how professional sports work.
eh we'll see, he also has amazing route running and hands too. It's just his decision making that might be an issue but that's a mental thing Chip can fix
Dan Snyder: Ohhh I love being a villain! How can I get the people to hate me more?

Redskins FO: Sir, I really think we should get Leonard William-

Dan Snyder: Get Brandon Schreff. 

Redskins FO: Sir?

Dan Snyder: Do it.
WHY. WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS BAALKE.
that'll teach him
they are still showing this commercial?
Sure he has a HUGE upside, but we need to win now. Cooper can help us win now. Williams will help the jets win in 2-3 years. 
As I said in our sub, I couldn't think of a better place for him to land, all things considered. Ware is like the perfect mentor for any young DE, and Von has been through what he has. There's a strong presence in the locker room to steer him straight. Bill Kollar is an outstanding D-line coach too. 

That said it's still risky but man, does this have the potential to work out awesomely. 
No, what's terrifying is the number of defensive lineman who will be in the backfield when they get the ball.
As it should be. 
Most fans hate what he is turning the NFL into
I'm a UM fan so I agree, but that seems like forever ago now that he came out. 
Overdraft bad
He was hurt at the beginning of the season, and it took a toll on us, and I'm hoping that as time goes on he develops into a solid TE that he definitely has the potential to be.
Tennessee. 
I hope so. Both OL we wanted are gone.
IN BILL WE TRUST !
 I guess he'll be taking Thomas the Dank engine to Denver. 
**BOOOOOOOO**
LETS DO THIS
Dez's replacement?? 
Hope you guys get someone good, but I really wanted to see you get a tackle. I really like Cam, especially when he's not being destroyed.
Who else?
Donald might as well not exist
Sheldon, Big snacks, Wilkerson Leonard 

I count 4
SACRIFICE THE BABY
Goddamn
Nineners.
Weird pick from Washington. Can't blame them too much. They must have forgotten how to first round pick. A little rusty.
The fall continues.

He is at Tennessee now, man
Hawaiian I think???
I really wish it would. I don't believe Mariota can hit his full potential when he's not playing for Chip
All I'm noticing in the Titans war room is the one guy who looks less like a member of the team and more like the teenage nephew of one of the executives, wearing a too large suit. 
Washington is gonna get the best player in the draft at 5. Holy.Fucking.Shit
For future reference: 

http://i.imgur.com/8IzgI7i.png
Who would the Broncos trade up for?
Don Strock or David Woodley? 
Idk I a maybe just mad he was my "omg if he drops" guy and he doesn't get selected that makes me mad we passed on him.... 
Edit:in made no sense before now it kinda does
I loved how happy he was in his interview. I mean nice weather all year round with a team that contends for the division all year round, sounds good to me.
Weed is legal in Denver, coincidence? 
PLEASE take Scherff or Todd Gurley here.
Malcolm Butler, undrafted free agent. Who needs drafts?
Browns could use Shelton or Parker. Niether will be there at 19, I suspect. I would take Shelton since there is more depth at WR
You're underrating him. Jake Fisher is a really good prospect.
I'd say so

Personally I don't want the Aints to have 4 first rounders, though

Sure he's old, but I think he could turn a team around for another 6 years
I bet they draft all the kickers. It's so crazy it just might work!
Still not as bad as "Drew Brees"
Falcons fan doing the chicken dance... hilarious
I'm loving this draft so far 
Jarvis, Kenny Stills, Greg Jennings, Jordan Cameron, *and now* DeVante Parker?!? That's pretty sick
To be fair, All of those comments were within a minute or two of each other, so they probably didn't know the 800 other people had posted the same thing :-) 

Definitely happens in the first two minutes of these kinds of threads.
Do you think Rams would let just a talented defensive lineman pass them? 
:o
nah. a good guard is the difference between the 2013 cowboys and 2014 cowboys. they can be game changers.

still think it was a dumb pick, but not because he's a G.
Thats okay. 
Are they playing the Undertaker's theme right now?
If he makes it to 19 tomorrow I would be so mad if we passed on him again.
why would you do that!!! 
jets plan: If we can't have a qb, no one else in our division can have one...
Shakey camera is shakey
And you're implying that taking a tackle wouldn't have been a reach? We need an LT. Not an RT. Not guards. We need an LT. DJ Humphries would have been a reach as a first round LT, and he was picked a slot before us. There is literally no one at o-line that could have helped us at that pick.
As a premed major, I'd give my left testicle to have "NFL 1st round draft pick" on my med school application
You have more faith than us, HighKingOfReddit.
Really looking forward to watching three and a half hours of this friggin shit to watch the patriots trade for three third rounders

Yeah, draft Josh Gordon.
Pray for Gregory
Winston already on the phone.
I just don't get this.


Unless maybe we're waiting to see who is on the board by the time the Eagles draft
win
Fucking Raiders...just handing Williams to the Redskins. Fuck.
Suck me
"I'm a great guy. I'm humble." haha
Who? You mean Marioto?
What. Like seriously, fucking what?
Depends on who is available. I think the prime option would be to trade down for more 2nd or 3rd round picks. That's not likely to happen so you're likely to see them select the best DE/DT/CB/LB on their board. 
Rams surprise coming?????
That guy is one ugly ma'am a Jamma
my thoughts exactly. Hopefully the Titans reconsider. 
Well we still have like 7 picks. We could trade up but who knows.
Niners traded with San Diego
Whattttt?!
Hasn't even shaved yet smh
Eagles are gonna get Williams are this point wtf
Wow, Isn't this like a huge reach?
The treacherous swine are back its been weeks since I saw and wanted to spit on you. 
Did Leonard Williams kill someone as well while i wasn't looking? What is going on?
C'mon Chip!
WAT THE FUCK
**SLICK RICK WORK YOUR MAGIC**
New Yorker a duke fan? Why i never
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Kevin White? Or pass rusher?
When aren't people booing Goodell
This was a great pick, there is a reason Duke was one of the greatest rb's in Miami U history
You've got a point there. It's worth watching Gruden undermining Kip-Kips at every turn.
Huge reach when Peat is still on the board.
> It's not even a BPA pick

I'm not sure how you can say this without knowing GB's board.
Bud Dupree? I feel like that pick would make sense for them.
Wait, are you saying the rest of this draft or the future? If it's the latter, I gotta disagree as you have no idea who will be BPA in the second round of this year, not to mention years from now. 

That being said, BPA cannot hurt you if you have a solid team to build around, which we do. We have literally two weak spots, SS and LT. Pretty much everywhere else we are average to great (you can make a case for FS, but I think Tre Boss is the real deal). 

I think we'll address the LT spot in the later rounds and he'll be a project player, since LT is the second hardest position to transition to from college. 
QUIT PLAYING WITH MY HEART BAALKE. WHAT ARE WE GETTING???
nahh i think it was the 9ers. and the 9ers need the picks to fill gaps.
DIDDLY FUCK IT'S MARIOTA WHAT A SURPRISE
What the hell is this
Yes, Yes. 

Let all the Defensive picks fall to us 
It's a pretty catchy song. 
Idk how, this pick is tough to make
sherrod...maybe jones if he doesnt perform this year. He's been great beyond the first but its 50:50 otherwise
Meh, he'll be a bust
Chip gave us blue balls
Agreed. Von Miller to the Cam Newton
When he needs to. It's not the only throw speed he knows. 
Because that's what they do every year

It's tradition
It's almost unbelievable to have such a turnaround. It's a good time to be a Cowboys fan!
Damn hopefully drafting a doctor works out better for the Lions than drafting a firefighter worked out for the Eagles.
We allow one post per pick. Aside from that, regular rules are in effect.
Wow what a fucking jackass hahah
Every minute that ticks off the clock is a minute that Chip Kelley isn't creating a miracle!
At least they gave the Jets one less road game to compensate.
OMG STREAM PLEASE STOP FUCKING UP
one of my favorite athletes
Really this might be best for him if he gets moved, because he was invisible for the Rams most of the season once Mason got going. 
 if the titans really refused to take the philly offer that was reported they truly are the dumbest fucking franchise in existence in all of professional sports
I need to go get some food but I'm afraid we'll trade up

"Ok Roger, you got this! New city, new draft class, gonna knock it out of the park!"
Good thing khalil don't need any help.
I love how happy Jameis is.
Not trying to be a dick but do you expect him to say anything different?
Is it bad that I love both of these?
He's not even close to Jamaal. He'll turn out like every other running back who came out of there, nothing. Coleman would've been a much better pick 
Shhhh don't release Chips cloning techniques
HAHAHAHAHA. I think he'll be solid, but it's just so funny to see the reddit circle-jerk be wrong like 90% of the time. I honestly don't know why 49ers fans don't want him. 
I heard a little bit of booing! Good job Jets fans, you tried.
http://i.imgur.com/iaKH22J.gif
Honestly believe that Tennessee drafted the guy who will prove to be the best QB in the draft. Yes, I'm biased (Ducks fan) but there are no question marks over the important intangibles Mariota brings. Perhaps most importantly I believe that the Titans are a good, almost perfect, organisation for him to mature from a collegiate stud into a Pro Bowl caliber QB. Other than that I agree with most of what Gruden said about him - a quick study, smart kid, etc.

Congrats Titans.
Marshall Faulk is rolling over in his grave right now
First Trade!
Man that was a fucking hour ago, need to update.
They'd better, we Falcons fans are starting to drool. And, they took him.
Mack is in the last year of his contract. And apparently Erving can play every position on the line
Jets fans' boos are one of my favorite things about the draft.
The twist is it's from his daytime talk show, not Family Feud.
Didn't you all need a NT? Malcolm Brown is still on the board, not sure about this one.
op pls deliver
DeVante to the 'fins!
one can only hope
Excellent athlete on your OL. However, why would you draft Erving with the line you already have going? I don't get it. Dudes got stud material for sure though. 
Best Centre of this era.

Browns: let's draft a centre
Might work since our OLBs are not gettimg it done pass rushing
Reports came out that Thompson likes Stephone Anthony the most of the early ILBs. Wouldn't surprise me if they plan to make moves for him in the 2nd. 

Edit: Dammit Saints. But seriously, no one wanted Kendricks in the 1st apparently?
This doesn't surprise me at all. Good luck mett.
Rivers?
really dude

I'm confused...
Even if it was true he had to say something if he wants any of those guys to play for him next year. 
Oh wrong Johnson 
Can't overthrow someone with a 4.35 40

Edit: I'm loving these replies. Smokin' Jay will be better at overthrowing receivers deep than even Rexy
Boom is so annoying. Trying to act like this is a mind blowing development then yelling "nothing can stop him!! But his ACL!!!" Just stfu
I actually don't hate it. Wish they could have redone the helmet too though. Stupid NFL rules for 500.
What does he care? As long as he's drafted #2 he'll make about the same. 
they're gonna have to call in the national guard when you guys both start playing in the same stadium.
I think he'll be better than Gurley. I'll be rooting for him 
Not at all, but Um where did this question come from? Where did i say or reference it was a bad thing? You're the one asking the question so i went out of my way to reply for you. You're welcome asshole. 
The Jets D just got a whole lot scarier 
Me too man.
COME ON CHIP. DO WHAT IT TAKES TO GET MARIOTA. TRADE FOR HIM.
They what now?
the sanchize
This one is 6/6/5
What? What? Are we some kind of clown? Are we here to amuse you?
Wasting no time jax got damn
AH-AAH
Breshad might have drop issues but he doesn't dissapear
God damn it St Louis, do not do this to me.
WHAT??? WHY?
It'd be wise to stick around. You either play lights out and remain starter, or if you are relegated to second QB on the roster you can still trade and look more like a loyal player.
Before Beasley, we improved our defense. Added 2 decent LBs and hired Quinn!
OOOO NELLYYYY
I have no idea 
oz would never double dip in WRs 1/2 with the other needs we have
Mooch coached the 49ers, just a joke man
***IT'S NOT DUPREE IT'S KEVIN JOHNSON***
And nobody will ever remember Zac Stacy's name again?
seahawks bringing the run game back
CURVE BALL
He WAS but he's past his prime (by a lot) and has been falling off
That is not what I said. 

I said this is an ordinary draft in that it has pretty much gone according to script. 

Ordinary does not mean "Sucks" 

-- Me
Someone take Gurley before Farmer reaches
measured his knees?
Its guys like this that make me think my Mum was lying to me when she said its OK baby jwishbone some people are good at sports some people are good at books. This fucker got it all. Could't be happier for him, but damn momma jwishbone why you lie. 
Dude's probably asleep right now.
You're all set to pull out and then she whispers....*Baby cum inside me*. **Boom!** 8 Kids.
Falcons have needed a premiere pass rusher for years?
I would be 100% okay with this.
Carolina Shaqtin a fool
That seems like a reach....
Only a genius could pull that off
Here come the boos!
Eagles make the trade, take *Jameis*

ULTIMATE SMOKESCREEN!
Wut.
Trades to the Patriots for a fiber one bar and a 10 minute ring holding session.
Tebow!
Dallas will take him. 
Browns nailed it.
For everyone wondering. Word is that Williams has a shoulder injury. Teams in the top 10 are wary
Steelers are drafting Bud Dupree at 22
PLEASE NO PUNTER
woo.
he said marioto too
Ah yes, the "If we can't have a QB, then we'll just break yours" strategy.
Every single trade in sports is pending a physical. If he doesn't pass either the trade is off or we negotiate something of similar value. Either way, I'll take a 5th rounder this year and next for moving back 5 spots
Not surprising, but that does kinda suck. Like the NFL doesn't have enough cash to donate those items to the rookies!
thank god ray lewis is in Baltimore, boomer and ray would have made me suicidal 
NO FUCK YOU PEYTON DON'T GET THAT STUCK IN MY HEAD AGAIN
AC/DC coming at you. I'm not too upset. 
I fucking love our GM.
Oh, dear this kid had a shot, but there it goes. You had to say this. 
And usually the ball. 
Chip Kelly sitting on a beanbag chair with a headset on and ipad in hand?
HRONISS GRASU, C OREGON

TY SAMBRAILO, OT CSU

REESE DISMUKES, C AUBURN

JOSUE MATIAS, OG FSU

There's plenty of later round talent on the OL
Or, you know, "Chip Kelly". 

Apparently, at least.
Flowers was our guy. Fingers crossed for a trade down. Peat wouldn't be terrible if we stay put.
Who dat dime piece behind him?
Did Steven Jackson not play for the Rams or did I dream that?
What a legend 
I think so, yeah. I certainly wish the best for Mariota and hope that they actually run the offense around him, I'm just not as optimistic as other people here.
Wow, imagine having him in your locker room.
Close, but most SF fans weren't saying we aren't going to take Armstead, but instead that they don't want to take Armstead
It's so boring.
Woah... that was unexpected
Did you see what happened last year with no depth at Oline? Dat 7 game slide doe. Mack can opt out next year and disappear. 
Like Vince Young was, Mariota is the perfect fit for the Titans.

Man these draft pundits are all gutless, clueless drones.
That was quick.
TIK TOK JETS
Fuck you. We are first!
About the same as other drafts. It's so much slower than necessary for watchable TV. 
Tre Mason. 
THIS DRAFT
If you talk to half our fans on Reddit, they'd tell you we gave up too much. They may be two Day 3 picks, but it's two picks, and they're not late Day 3 picks.

He's a very good back and I expected us to take him when the Rams took Gurley, but off the top there, the Niners did get the better end of the trade.
Like him a lot. He does need some work, but I think he's a very good player.
Yeah but at 6' 7" 310 lbs is still quite a bit of bulk.
Its the Texans... You know they don't believe in Offense
The Megazord of busts!
Damn son.
Since his "off the field" issues were massively overblown by the media.
Yeah, you should probably take an OT to help against our new Beasley.
WUT, SHANE RAY?
McShay 10/24, Kiper 7/24, Mayock 7/24
MdN
At least the Mariota to Eagles rumors are over
Could the Jets possibly Cheer here? 
You had one job, Roger.
Jesus christ that suit.
yeah I just saw Mayock's mock and he had him there
seriously what is with these deep emotional questions?
If we trade Wilk, fuck this pick
Cooper was our pick because we didnt think Williams was gonna be there. A lot of us are dissappointed
Whoa they found Titans fans in the wild
Amen. Love you, Uhrick. 
In the 10-15 range, but St Louis is a bit of a surprise.
I'll work on this tomorrow :(
And he mispronounces Mariota. Goodell, you are a laughingstock.
BPA.
Jets going Kevin White here?
Saints pick Peat
If the guy Tenessee wants is still on the board maybe the Eagles can swing a trade with the Browns #12 pick.
You stay out of this round.
That is the slimmest 315 pound dude I've ever seen.
Security in case Mack goes down again. I'm good with it
First questionable pick of the night.

Edit: Yes, I know Winston is risky, but he fills a need. Jets are stacked on their D-Line, so unless they trade Wilkerson, I don't get this pick.
Gr8 b8 m8
Haha and Randall are going to make a great safety pair.
That was the happiest Grandma I've ever seen.
Wow Raiders fans are gunna explode
LIKE SERIOUSLY AGHH DAMMIT 
Lost a Johnson. Got a Johnson.
Great pick for Steelers 
That was a good pick stop laughing :(
What the what? They're happy?
To everyone asking:

The Broncos traded their 1st (27 overall), their 5th this year, a ~~6th~~ 5th next year, and OL Manny Ramirez.

Edit: whoops next year's is a 5th not 6th, my b
Uhh
"Boooooo"
there is no way we don't tomorrow 
Whomever the Ravens draft, he's going to be a pro-bowler. I guarantee it
So obviously we take Hundley
Fuck. Goddamn your 1st round picks Vikings!
Yeah.... this is the first head scratcher here. I was honestly expecting Landon Collins (who would make sense and I'm high on) or Jake Fisher.

The fuck?
Steal of the day
Even if you had a good reasoning why you liked Mariota more than you did Winston, which judging by your comment history, you don't. Why would the Bucs take someone over Winston who's actively attempting to be apart of the Tampa community? He went out of his way to do things in Tampa, and has the backing of our retired pros as his mentors. Winston is being set up to succeed here in Tampa.
"Marcus Mariot-o" -Roger Goodell
Lifelong Clemson fan here: you guys have a very talented and special player on your hands. He'll be a great fit in Atlanta and I wish you guys the best of luck with him! Fun fact: I heard that between Clemson's bowl game and the combine, he covered everything he ate with peanut butter in order for him to beef up for the combine. And holy shit did he beef up. 
I would've cried if you got Dupree
I take it based on your username that you've seen him play. What can you tell me about him? 
Im sure alot of brands are willing to let them wear there clothes/watches etc on a loan for publicity.
Really trying to shoehorn yourself in here, huh pal?
lol did I hear some kind or nordic battle horn?
Lol I'm joking, but he said "this guy can really jump out the gym" 
Thats going to be sooooo confusing when he goes against Patterson in practice. Hopefully Teddy doesnt mix up those dreads
Saints pls...
Take all the Tackles so the Colts can't pick one.
Well...that was unexpected.
#17 pick, a 4th this year and a fifth next year.
Edginess factor? What's edgy about what you said? You ruin the subtlety of it by clumsily pointing it out. 
TE weakness for NE LOLWUT

:/ Beat the Steelers for us
ILB
WHATTT?
We comin Cleveland 
He still might get traded though
He was projected to go late in the first by many, since a RB hasn't gone in the 1st in awhile. If he is upset for some reason, I don't think it's about being picked 10th overall.
Baalke just need more picks for Saturday. Also it seems like we wanted another project. I think WR and OL tomorrow. 
OHHHH LAWWWDDYYY I ASSKEDDA AN OPEN QUESHTUN WITH AHH SEXUALL INUENDOH AND I AM SSUPRISEED THAT I GOT A SEEEHXUAL ANNSWERR!
MY GOD

I was promised trade insanity!
He set a world record bro
*Marx Mariota*
Come to papa.
Whats the difference between espn coverage and nfl network coverage??
wow Vikings fans.. you couldn't do *one* thing outside? 
Balls
You act like its not easy to get weed in any other state
Dick butt kiss
Thank you. 
muh flashbacks
they did. I was rooting against it. 
TRADE TIME!
felt like the colts had much bigger needs on Defense. 
No idea. But I am thankful
lol at the niners fans here earlier who said balke wouldn't draft armstead
We could have had it all
Lets see how it plays
Pats or the Steelers. Probably Pats. 
J! 
There's always good players who fall to the early 20s. This is right where we got DeCastro, too. 
Damien Williams out of the backfield too.
I'd say Wilson is a bit more fit. Winston's got some extra weight on him. He can move like Wilson though.
Damn Good Dawg puttin' me on a feels trip. 
Aww, so we won't go 4 years in a row with 2+ 1st rounders.

Psst...you guys have #31, not #32
Lol he just said "im so turnt up right now"
WHAT IS GOING ON???
please. it hurts. don't joke about it.
Doubt it, too big of a reach and that pass rush was awful last year, we'll see.
Please not the patriots 
This thing isn't being held in Radio City? MINDBLOWN
Fingers crossed he drops to us!
Did you not watch a Titans game or something? I assume most people didn't and just he's 0-6 record starting

He looked pretty good for a rookie. Actually he looked *awesome* for a 6th round rookie

The Titans have essentially no talent. They have very few positions that show promise. One of the few was actually QB. So they took a QB instead of a bunch of picks like they needed

The Titans really fucked up imo because now they have a guy like Geno/Young who's going to be thrown to the wolves and get destroyed. Mariota wasn't ready for day 1 starting unless he went to a complete team with a good O-line
Cmon offensive line.
Wow, pulling a Hernandez before getting drafted eh?
What you Giants fans think?
Yawn
Remember when you had a good one?
Nah, HiveNode is a noted casual fan. He doesn't know anything about football. 
I just saw Jameis on his phone. Boo at Tampa Bay for being so predictable.
Worried about Texans taking him.
Tomorrow on ESPN: Todd McShay's mock of Jon Gruden's mock of Mel Kipers 2016 mock draft (Insiders only).
NOOOOOOOOOOOO!
How the hell do they say no to all this

https://twitter.com/RapSheet/status/593927074840096768

But for real, I think thats how Grigson makes picks. 
The Philadelphia Flyers name Marcus Mariotta head coach
YES.

WE GET IT.

SHANE RAY AND WEED IS LEGAL HERE.

GO AHEAD AND MAKE THE JOKES.
props to that guy. Seriously, he held up an internet bet. That takes dedication
He's basically a project player that lacks any sort of motor or determination. He had 3 or 4 sacks in 3 years in college. If you watch tape of him he doesn't get any leverage when he's engaged with a blocker and doesn't really shed blocks to stop the running back. 

For the most part people that do like him like his size and potential *if* he ever reaches that potential. I have said before I wouldn't mind if we drafted him later but not with our first round pick. Horrible pick

Edit- I hope I am dead wrong
^^woooo
Byron Jones or Malcolm Brown for Patriots? Could use both.

Edit: Jones already gone. How did I miss that?
The 49ers select Arik Armstead

Armstead: "I'm retiring"
A little clunky, but it could work!
Yeah lets keep the streak going!
He is acrobatic, fast, tall, can catch anything under the sun. And there is a lot of sun in Miami.
I'm surprised Jaelen strong is still there! 
Todd Gurley, I'm slightly indifferent in regards to this pick.
Especially if we become the Brady killers. 

..or Luck killers.
Rams are taking Gurley, according to rumors. 
His interview was fantastic... he just seems so happy... seems like someone just gave him millions of dollars.
You just got a potential franchise QB. That's the best thing you can possibly have. Don't be upset!!
Wake is great! I like this pick.
Here's my problem with what the Titans did, they gave up more picks that are much more needed. The Titans can't keep a qb healthy to save their life with that porous O-line they have. They face a ridiculous d-line from the Texans twice a year and a formidable d-line from the Colts. They should have traded back, drafted some linemen, then looked at a later round prospect like Hundley to develop behind Mettenberger. That would have been a smarter move.
He can play for the ball, he can run with them all
Dat double bow tie doe
lol riiiiiiight
*Opens up first pack of sour patch kids*

Want some?
A Saint? I dunno the dude seems pretty nice to me lol
Is anybody else annoyed that NFLN is exclusively referring to Chicago as Chi-Town?
Let's play [Spot the non-white person](http://imgur.com/MlTb96n) at the Jets draft party.
We heard
God this is going to take forever all night isn't it?
420 blaze it legally 
Ok, I thought for sure I was going to lose that. 
He's trying to build his own 52 man roster. 
I'd like to add that Armstead has shit film, and Baalke doesn't typically take guys with bad film. I mean, he's smarter than me, maybe he thought that the film wasn't shit. Ultimately at the position, we don't need sacks, we need disruption, and a willingness and ability to stop runners. Armstead isn't a deadbeat at those two things. 
There you go, he's at the least that
Vernon Gholston?
agreed
That reaction for Stephone Anthony was an overwhelming "meh"
fuck you cleveland

i am so upset 
Chris Berman looks like he's about to have a fucking heart attack.
You dun fucked up, NFL_Mod.
Prepared for Mack leaving
Nah 
I'm sure you'll be brought back from underneath the "WTFFFs and the irrelevant pictures" from sheer willpower alone.
Actually off suicide watch given the latest rumors.
Yeah?
I think it said it was 2001 for the browns. So at least you got that on them.
Lots of mock drafters called Shelton to Browns. Good pick, will be tougher to run on them.
seriously!
Miller and Ray gonna be causing a lot of problems for o line schemes 
What a dipshit - all this build up and you can't pronounce his name right.
WITH BILL BELICHEAT, HUEHUEHUE
"Tampa Bay has decided to pass on their first pick of the NFL Draft. Tennessee is officially on the clock"
Pick is in. Mariota incoming
We have 8 more picks, we'll do something. keep the faith
I really really hope Mariota becomes a Tennessee great. Good luck, Titans
TV fuse
YOU BLEW IT
Jesus!

"I think this really could be the greatest moment in Titans history since they got Steve McNair out of Alcorn State."


Happy!
How?
You the real #1 overall mods
Nah, doesn't have the high motor Teryl Austin wants; part of the reason Fairley is gone.
[Cosby Bebop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLwjDigdM6k)
Suzy Kolber: "What do you plan to accomplish this year?"

Kevin White: "Beat the Packers."

That would have been INSANE.
WHAT?!
HOLY SHIT.
Andre will eat him alive.
And Mean Joe.
Thanks for not taking Dupree
Didn't see that one coming. 
Sorry man. But not really. Not at all actually.
Browns made 2 solid but boring pics, Chip, don't fail me now
well he can go home and cry to his millions of dollars 
It's off the movie Draft Day that came out last year. It was... ok.
Yeah, except now we're gonna still pick Armstead...another "project" guy.
Swerve time!
Historic trends would tell us they traded to the Vikings. Rick loves late first rounders and we know how much the Pats love accumulating picks 
wtfffff
Sorry Jets
NOOOOOOOOOO I WANTED HIM IN CHICAGO
Tre Mason looked solid last year this surprised me 
A young cheap WR. Our oldest WR is now Alshon at 25.

One of our big problems is that we had a ton of aging veterans and Angelo couldn't pick for shit to replace them.
lolWAT
Gurley? Wow. 
Broncos traded up for Shane Ray
TUDD GIRLY 
AND MY AXE


^^^did ^^^i ^^^do ^^^it ^^^right ^^^guys
I can't shake the feeling we could have traded down and still gotten him.
awesome pick for LA
Them joants are slick
Get Rekt Dallas
http://www.flickeringmyth.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/battlefield-earth.jpg

I swear Perriman copied the look.
Duh and/or hello
Holy shit. A god damn Hersch Walker trade, and they declined it.
He's a little small for a safety so probably a CB. We lost Williams and House this offseason. Need some size there, and he's pretty athletic from my understanding. 
Tanney needs an OLine.
Madden dose get boring. 
Leonard should change is last name to Williamson
I answered this question earlier and got 2 upvotes cause the thread was deleted. Good for you man.
Wow. Running back in the top-10? 
There is only so many ways the commentators can say the same things about the hundreds of prospects without it sounding super racist/like a slave market. Pedigree is one of those words that has a good connotation so they can use it. 
kek
It a finally done, the reporters can stop the rumors 
[**@shalisemyoung**](https://twitter.com/shalisemyoung/)

> [2015-05-01 03:04 UTC](https://twitter.com/shalisemyoung/status/593974185375969281)

> \#patriots traded the pick to Houston

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Bryce Petty I'd bet. Texas kid, BOB probably recruited him at Penn State. 
...a safety? We have that position pretty well locked down.
Really good value
Nooooononononononono....

*weeps*
Bold. I like it.
LET'S GO KANSAS CITY
what time did the first round end last year? this feels so late
How are people finding out the picks before ESPN and NFL Network say anything?
Remember Aaron Donald last year? Yeah. Let's not repeat that.
CMON. BEASLEY PLEASELEY
The defense he deserved, but not the defense he needed.
Was that Jets fan waving a child size jersey? 
What.
But getting Gurley should not have been a priority, there's plenty of RBs this year, gotta stick up the line
I love seeing how happy he is
look at a picture, and count the neck rolls.
Ridiculous move from Tennessee. They don't have even close the talent to back the guy up, and here they had an amazing opportunity to get a bunch of picks, and they just pick a guy they don't even really need right now. 
Why is Dan being fucked?
Except that he is on your team, and not ours. :(
Fuck. Anti-Nootin missile.
It's very good, probably the best since since 2006ish. Whit is old and only has two to three years left, and him as well as our RT Andre Smith have contract years soon
Just because Marcus Peters refused to agree with his coaches' insistence that William Gladstone was the greatest Prime Minister of the 19th century, sticking with his boy Benjamin Disraeli, doesn't mean he can't play football.
"BOOOOOOOOOO" - Crowd

"Thank you." - Roger Goodell


[VERY VERY NEAT](http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v24/spikejnz/GIFs/spiderman-neat.gif)
:( Please stop picking Buckeyes...I feel dirty cheering for them. 
Bit of a reach, right?
Wtf man
Because no one else is saying it - he talks white. 
I'd be okay with this
Why did NFLN just play a play of a clip of a Redskin player stripping Foles?
He's the commissioner, so a lot of people see him as the center of the "No Fun League" stuff. 


I also think, at this point, it's just tradition.
Jesus. I can't believe they didn't take it.
Yup. Not sure how we haven't killed each other yet.
I'm drinking waay too fast. 
God damn you, Grigson.
> SHOVE A SCREWDRIVER UP MY ASS

Hey man, whatever you are into.
Lol. Yeah I'm with you. 
Rivers won't be the QB next year when the Chargers move to LA, unless something very random happens and/or they throw extreme amounts of money at him (even for QB standards).
Saints pick Devante Parker
Damnit, I did not want the Vikes to take him.
lol Shane Ray.

Hope the high was worth it
:-0
The 49er farm team. Developing players for the rest of the league. We draft the raw projects and let em walk. 
Damn it! Rams why did you have to get yourself a RB that can threaten the box?
"I DONT WANNA LOSE YOUR LOVE, TONIIIIIIIIGHT"
Big fan of that move. Nice Mayhew
We haven't taken anyone in the first round in several years...last time we did we won the division...
**This is from an OREGON fan site:**

Weaknesses

Where to begin?

In an ever-evolving NFL, it's a pass-driven league, meaning defensive linemen need to be able to get to the quarterback. Last season at Oregon, Armstead registered just 2.5 sacks and displayed almost no secondary moves beyond a bull rush. When sheer strength didn't work, the Ducks standout struggled to win the battle up front.

Against the run, Armstead's size and length could help him develop into an elite defensive tackle, but he needs to learn to play the position. Despite a drool-worthy frame, Armstead has little understanding of what to do with his hands and is far too interested in the man lined up across from him than he is of shedding blockers and making plays. It's not hard to find film of him driving his lineman three-to-four yards back, only to see the running back run for a big gain right through the space Armstead just occupied.

The body is there, but it's surprising to watch how little Armstead appears to understand his position. The instincts to be elite simply aren't present and his development has been slow. Does he want to be a great football player? Is he mentally ready to be a fierce defender in the league?

____________________________

He is a project. Jon Gruden tore him apart in his draft special. Poor effort half the time. Has a limited skill set. Not good against the run. He's a project. I mean, he's REALLY a project. He doesn't do a lot all that well at this stage, and the Niners can no longer afford to pick up first round projects. We aren't stacked like we were a few years ago.
They are ecstatic after every dumb ass pick

They shove meaningless buzz words down our throats while blatantly ignoring huge needs
Has there ever been a draft he doesn't love? 
I took this picture as a sign of a player who took criticism and improved from it. Just because you took it the negative way doesnt mean we all did.
thought they let wayne go cuz moncreif was solid
I think he's high
That's because they still have the same ol' Jay tossing him the ball. Long live #6
I think our quarterbacks could get hurt just LOOKING at the Rams!
That's cold blooded
Watch that timer go away at :01 seconds. 
Yeah. About how well that foles for captain redshirt trade is going
Gurley was analysed by most NFL teams and his stock started rising (again) after these meetings. It's safe to say most teams didn't think it was that bad.
If you don't cut him at all his cap hit next year is around $14m. You ok with that?
Read the book instead, the movie is fantastic but the book is waaay better IMO. The movie omitted the last chapter which was really important to the book imo
welp
Why the wait??
I have no idea who the falcons are going to draft here honestly
MM may be a rookie, but he's got the product endorsement skills of a seasoned vet.
Sam Bradford is going to wish he had a talent like this on his team.
The only logical answer to why they picked Gurley is that they're just going to run the ball on every single down. Mason/Gurley/Stacy is a pretty nice backfield.
Ben
Head and shoulders is creaming in their pants right now at all the prospects. 
Can't boo that!
He will eat him
Jesus they didn't fuck it up 
MNF, duh.


And used to be the bucs coach...won the sb.
Does the sound turn off on the stream for anybody else when it goes to commercial? I'd be cool with it if it turned back on when the commercials were over, but it doesn't.
That would make more sense if it was an Oklahoma City joke. 
That makes 3 of us. 
Yeah almost all teams need them.
Sorry to tell you "mate" but they are different when it comes to sports.
The entire 49ers offseason?
Chip loves him some Pac-12
Nice pick by the Browns.
OH WOW
yeah. Hes an idiot, we all know that
I though it was Macy Gray and a young Keanu Reeves.
Totally missed that, damn fine print haha
Fuck. Just within grasp. 
NAH FUCK THIS, NO TEAM HAS EVER WON A SB WITH A WR TAKEN THAT HIGH
Unless chip still wants to throw the house at us





Fucking lol. What a reach. I was wondering why they invited him to the draft...
"He grew up... for some reason... a Raiders fan"

Ouch, man... not cool Mayock.

edit: Or was that Eisen? Whoever it was...
sounds like a guard to me then 
This dude needs to put on some size
Knew Williams couldn't fall that far. Dude's too talented.
shit
Mariota not fitting Whiz's scheme coming out of college points to two outcomes in my mind:

1. Mariota rises to the challenge of the Whisenhunt offense (stays in the pocket, pushes the ball deep and targets tight ends often) and looks good doing it -- possible, but I still don't think he reaches his ceiling that way;
2. Mariota doesn't mesh with the scheme, the team performs poorly and in the next two years Whisenhunt is fired. Then, with Mariota still on his rookie deal, we find a new coach that can actually scheme around his players and extract the best from him -- also possible, but longer term. I think this is the best for Mariota as a player, and probably the Titans as a team, but requires *extreme* patience.
.........Can he play OT?
Classic Raiders pick.
It is tough to be

a karmawhore when you must

write only haikus.
Good pick. Hope his knee holds up.
And the highest picked RB in years
[In regards to most people's thoughts on Belichick](http://i.minus.com/iPydduaC5I5sr.gif)
Booo this was boring so far
If the Eagle's trade up, does that mean the other shoe has officially dropped?
A neutral judge.
Well, we are known for seeing some mysterious skills in people so.....In Sean I Trust.
played against him in high school. dude was scary as shit, and honestly, he was surrounded by dudes who I thought were equally scary. Sacramento reppin
Scandrick is the only one I'd want to keep, but certainly not as a #1.
Is Alex Flanigan in SD? I couldn't tell
Gruden still not ready to give up on Manziel
Nice, that was very quick.
building up the dalton line
I'm gonna miss Dwayne Bowe on the Chiefs D:
At least it'd be far more entertaining 
Mother fuck. We were so close
We lost Torrey Smith so we just drafted the guy who looked most like him I guess.
We also need a consistent starter opposite of him even if he stays
Top post bro, top post
To the 49ers fans who said you wouldn't get him, there ya go.
You mean sugar free
Ehh, its all about South Howard for bars, he should be fine 
Everything ever made should be narrated by Dick Butkus
Done. Have your GM call my GM.
The Browns select: A stack of Eggo waffles
MARCUS MARIODO
HEY DON'T YELL AT HIM
OL seemed like a pretty serious need for you last year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKOrr4XRbg8
It's actually "Freak that bitch out, then, Tone" NSFW http://www.redtube.com/143900

"I'm fixin to try this out at home"
Gregory's issue is that he's kind of a tweener already so the weed thing probably made GM's who were already on the fence about where he would play just pass on him as a first rounder. 
That was fast as shit. Here goes... 
FUCK NO FUCK NO REPEAT
We made safe picks I'm okay with that 
Never heard of him, but thats also because I don't follow CFB or mock drafts. Good pick or bad pick my fellow armchair GMs?
Consolation - Melvin Gordon is amazing. I loved watching him in the Big Ten. I think he'll be a great fit for you guys.
Deserved it 
That's an absolute bloodbath! Did the Bucks play like shit or were the Bulls in the zone? ...or a little(lot) of both?
Are you fucking kidding me?
yeah baby
Since when is Gruden the guy criticizing players??
Better yet, where's Johny Manziel?
a lot of people in this thread are forgetting that he only got 15 carries in the last 8 games of last year anyways
Idk bro. Best guess is Hawaiian cause of the shirt and the lei .
PM ME UR DICK PICS
new wilfork
Honestly: anyone, Kuechly, anyone? Jesus
Woo! Go Knights!
I'll take, "things that make no sense for $200, Alex."
[Well, I think I just sprained my hype boner.](https://archive.4plebs.org/boards/pol/image/1386/24/1386249086804.png)
Another trade!!!
Yeah, but the drinking certainly didn't start just now...oh god i'm nervous....
the no commercials thing was for the second half of the first hour
that must suck to be in denver but you can get drug tested at anytime and could potential lose millions cuz of pot
Yeah, the Bears right now are that guy in poker who has the best hand and hopes his opponent goes in. "Call" instantly
That Tampa Bay face-painted dude was scary
It's not "OG-BWEY-HEE"?
I'm Canadian so I have no idea how the American legal system works. Hasn't it already been said that he's not a suspect?
Andy stay killing us
We won't know how to feel until the season starts.
If you think Gurley is the next AP, you draft him. It's that simple.

He'll give the Rams a truly explosive element in their offense. That's been lacking for quite a while.

If Foles reverts back to his 2013 form, watch out. The Rams will be contenders.
Shutup!
apology for poor english

when were you when chip was kill?

i was sit at home watching draft when pjotr ring

"chip is kill"

"no"
"PICK IS IN" takes 2 minutes for Goodell to walk to the stage
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
didn't see that coming 
the heck was that? Is that legal? haha
Dammit my butthole clinches everything his name is mentioned and I recall that day...
yeah but there's no guarantee he's going to hold up, he's getting old and he's very injury prone.
Because the Titans are so bad the second coming of Brady wouldn't save them. Mariota isn't enough to dig them out, and they're going to ruin him before the team is good enough to win with him. May as well ruin Mettenberger and wait on next years draft, which is supposed to be better at QB.
Everyone should be able to say they got better after tonight...
This thread gonna end faster than Tebow's career.
To be fair, your parents made you a Lions fan...so can you really give commentary on raising kids? Or do you view yourself as a cautionary tale?
Oh hey, fax machine jokes, haven't heard those for a while
Why the heck not. 
> I think about murdering people all the time but instead of doing it I drink a beer and order takeout chinese food.

You and I have a lot in common. 
Well, how do you feel now that he is in Atlanta?
Cards need to move on AP
Definitely by now 
Eh, their division has some pretty great offenses and they are a not so lovable dumpster fire. 
> \#1- Leonard Williams

Ayy
Hey lets now show why this was a bad pick and show him sucking
http://i.imgur.com/ZDoiyUW.gifv
4 this year and a 5 next year
Not saying it's a bad move, but letting Williams slide like this is starting to feel like one of those regretful decisions.
you didn't do it right, Bears fans. You're supposed to boo.
So much for the Bears replacing Marshall with Cooper.
This is the real sarcasm
or an autograph scandal
we will. 
DaVante Parker please to god fall to us. I'll be happy holy shit.
He gets paid to mock every top 20 player to every team at least once. 

*GET CLICKS, MAKE MONEY*
THE PICK IS IN!?!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!

Yeah we loved him, but expecting him to fall to our 2nd round pick was ridiculous. He'll be good with some time.
That's the steal of the draft right there.
But..but...he isn't a duck...
I fucking agree!
Eagles have the 4 qb set and the colts are gonna go 4 wide receiver
This is a solid pick, fans should be happy for Eli.
FINALLY A TRADE MGIII I AM GUESSING
Grr
Hate this pick. Hate hate hate.
Nah, that stadium is still 8bit. 
"BOOOOOOO" 

Goodell - "Lol thanks for the money" 
I had a friend show up to a fantasy baseball Draft absolutely drunk with a few names written on a torn envelope. I'm pretty sure he dominated that league that year. 
Everyone is "like lightning in a bottle"
*golf clap*

Right-o.
There it is. I bet talks about Eagles trying to trade for him still wont die.
First thought, looks like a Ngata clone.

Not good.
Because you don't have to pay a qb 
If I weren't so humble I'd be perfect
Dude needs to shave that mess OFF. Let it go homie. Let it go.
How do you manage to survive as a knicks fan then?
http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view5/4894928/steve-harvey-confused-o.gif
Wow, so the Giants aren't fucking around. Pick is in. It's past T Cough's bedtime.
He doesn't have that voice that can command a locker room, you know?
He's seriously great. In my opinion the second best WR in this draft. Can lineup all over, great all around WR...might be even better then Landry...
I can't do it....fuck duke
Who was the most recent man on the ESPN stage to masturbate? I'm going with Berman. 
Not who I was expecting
The Jets have Leonard Williams right there. I'll be shocked if they don't take him 

Edit: there we go 
The hell does that mean
Cue "The Girl From Impanema"
Even Berman is struggling. I'd be surprised to see all these guys back this year. 
Fuck, someone let us get an edge rusher.
Is that a real picture of Todd Bowles?

That looks like a Madden avatar.
Winston smells like Josh Freeman
Only 1 round of picks tonight. Round 2 isn't till tomorrow.
fuck yeah shaw is there 
Marcussssssss is a Titannnnn
Marpet then??
Yeah we have 3 starters and some depth. 
Where is Mike Tirico?
Tomlinson was a great back for San diego, I'm wondering what he's doing in this draft. What a steal for detroit.
I'm soooo OK with it. No Leonard Williams against us! :D
Cooper vs Smith
Bad.
I think he's simply not athletic enough to be worth a first round pick at guard. He'd be a great pick in the second or third, but he's 'meh' in the first. If he's a good player then so be it, but as it stands, I wouldn't be crazy about it
A Raiders fan should know this well
Shaq is a hell of a football player, but it's going to be a tough for him to find a solid position int he NFL.
Good safe pick.
Fowler right?
Fuck I wanted him in the 7th
Well they are listed on the roster as quarterbacks, lol. 
WE'VE GOT A TRADE!
Only on the visitor's side.
He is a hobbit, it's similar to second breakfast.
First the Bullies and now this.
I WAS PROMISED UNEXPECTED CRAZINESS!!!! ESPN LIED AGAIN
I tried for science. Some dude said some very mean things to me :(
WHAT why Waynes
/r/Vikings explain yoself
Colts' run d gives up 6000 yards.
Domo origato mr marioto
"Nothing could stop him but his ACL" 

Holy shit, more like Chris BURNman amirite?
I would always see him out at night in Tallahassee getting down with white girls haha
Larry Warford and Laken Tomlinson are an awesome duo
I really hope so.
Well, the Titans are saying that Mariota will be starting week 1, so Mettenberger will just be a bench warmer. I can't see them asking for too much.
You guys just improved the team that beat you in the AFCC last year... 
"Surprised gasp"
if this is sarcasm then you're being completely ridiculous 
You gonna eat that?
Landry and DaVante are going to be a nasty duo
Lol at the boos for Rodger 
Lol why not Leonard Williams?
Like facebooking your ex and then being afraid to log in the next day 
OOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAHHHHHHH

BELEE DAT
Did anyone actually think the Chargers would pick someone in the 4th?
Well obviously each end can still play the other thing, they are just better at one of them. Beasley is an excellent pass rusher but questionable against the run. Obviously he can still play the run, but the question is can he do it well. 
Well it's not limited to when they have two first rounders...
Sideshow leonard
Considering it's their job, I thought his argument was sound.
He's my top OL prospect for this class, but do you really need a tackle? I just don't see him as a guard. Guess it might just be BPA, but both your tackles are pretty young, right?
And in a situation like that, you want to get on a new roster ASAP and not just be a camp body to take hits on a team you aren't going to make, and then get cut right before the season starts. You want to get on a new team, establish yourself, learn the playbook, and most importantly, play for a team that actually wants you.
I realize I'm biased but I still think those are fucking hidious. The Niners already have a timeless jersey, I just don't get this, particularly with how hot it gets down in Santa Clara. Perhaps these would only be for primetime games or something.
Haha I've grown up hating the Cardinals and loving the Vikings.
Some of our best players came from picks that were traded up for, though.
No brainier 
Randy Gregory. La'el Collins. Eric Kendricks. Landon Collins. Eddie Goldman. Dorial Green-Beckham. 
That should be our pick. I'm not seeing Grigs' vision picking up WR.
Yeah I don't get that for you guys, your offense was great, defense was bad. Most have just went best player available on their board I guess. 
I get the feeling that he's going to turn out to be a pretty one dimensional receiver similar to Torrey Smith.
Goteeem
Do you think every sports shop has old women sewing names on ever jersey? They have machines for it.
I think it's because they didn't expect Williams to be there still.
Don't mention the tuck rule without a trigger warning.
Change back to nfl network. Eisen and Mayock are much better
Especially when that Vikings logo and the Vikings horn went off. 
Yeah I was being generous 
obviously?
Sigh 
That's what I thought too but Mariota is the pick so Mariota is my guy now.
Very good pick.
Well that was anti-climactic
Yeah, ramirez was a real slugger for the socks, hope he keeps it up for detroit.
Stern got a loud round of applause after a hearty round of boos at his last NBA draft. Adam Silver took the podium and everybody gave a customary FUCK YOU round of boos. 

The NBA owns.
Two first-round picks

One third-round pick

Fletcher Cox, the team's best defensive player

Brandon Boykin, nickel corner

Sam Bradford, starting quarterback

Mychal Kendricks, starting linebacker
I want to play for the Raiders too! Draft me Reggie!!
I now have absolutely no clue what we're gonna do. But nice pick Bears.
Yeah, I didn't give a shit about him until that interview. Now he's probably one of my favorite players.
Yeah, could have been neat, but hey, it's not like this could have gone wrong either way. AC/DC baby.
Daddy why did his head go boom?
Is there a video of that? I didn't see that on my stream I don't think, unless it went out. I'm seeing it referenced everywhere 
We just drafted the predator!
landon collins 2 months ago was a top 20 pick. teams might have found something that they didnt make public that we dont' know about. or they are all in agreement that he's just not that good. i find that hard to believe. but seriously im shocked as well.
Cooper needs to get his shit together, lots of talk about his toughness (not getting out of the training room) last year. 
RIP in pieces Brett Hundley
The most bold draft prediction so far
Fuckin lol
THE SHOE?!
Great pick... but question...

WHO THE FUCK IS BLOCKING FOR HIM?!

WHAT THE FUCK ARE WE DOING WITH TRE MASON AND STACY?!

WHY WOULD WE GET RID OF ONE ACL PROBLEM FOR ANOTHER?!

This was beyond dumb as shit
Well...I guess they'll have to counter Teddy *somehow*.
Wow! Super well spoken guy, pre-med. Amazing person, hope he's an even better player! :D
"MARCUS MARIOTO"

thanks godell
I bet the Iggles are gonna take Mariota with the 20th pick. /s
Nelson was one of my favorite players, I'm a little salty. 

Fuck you. 
god /r/nfl is the fucking worst. 0 discussion about the pick, just rubbing it in 49er fans faces that we were wrong. 
i lol'ed
Haha, I knew this gif was coming. When interviewed about it, he sounded all serious and said that he had planned it in practice with his coaches. Then Petersen had a press conference, and he said that it was just something Danny had always wanted to do for fun.

Everyone at Washington loved this guy. He had it really tough before coming to UW, but he showed an incredible amount of maturation. He was also very invested in his academics and the student community.

Great pick for the Browns.
One Vic Beasley for the Falcons please?
That was not as exciting as I thought it would be. Shit. Well if he can make Tennessee a playoff team, he will be a fucking God 
Thanks Bruh. 
Go Spurs Go! (Is that how it goes? I don't really follow basketball)
imo Houston should have kept Fitz around
I'm so excite. It wasn't a huge need but I'm always happy with BPA.
You won't either. Guy suffers from severe anxiety and depression.
Jon thinks WR. I don't.
Take Peters here
Terrible argument. Our front office have been awful for the last 10 years in selecting first rounders, saying "they know more than you" is a cop out.

I evidently have different rankings than them and will stick to what I saw after a lot of my own research.
fine with Agholor or Jones. either would be nice
Bradley got his LEO
It's okay man, I hate your playcalling so I guess we're good. 
He had both for 1 year (which ironically was one of his two worst as a Viking), and only Moss & Carter for another year. For the Next 3 seasons it was Moss and whichever player defenses left open (Dwayne Bates, Moe Williams, and Nate Burleson).

And IMO none of his offenses lit up the field like the 98 team did. And I'm not sure which season he led an offense that could be considered one of the best of all time, since in his best season he was outplayed by Peyton Manning and the offense was 4th in total yards.
LETS CUT TO YOUNG LADY FOR THE PULSE OF SOCIAL MEDIA, HERE ON THE TELEVISION...
Wow, pick is in? Can't believe they didn't trade down with all those offers lol.
I go to Oregon, he absolutely will be. I'm rooting for him, but damn
I like you
WTF I WAIT UP ALL NIGHT! CURSE YOU DARK LORD! 
Becoming a beautiful young woman with all her life choices ahead of her....
Okay so I did understand. Neat. Moving on...
Don't you mean Sengoku?
Pasco County is too harsh a punishment. 
Been saying it for a month now the thought that he is worth passing over Mariota is absurd. Appears Titans felt the same, like the fuck is this guy even worth a 3rd
ouch
Love that interview, he was so happy!
Workout warrior with some potential, but could be a slight stretch.
But I like Gruden. :(
@PFTCommenter 6s6 seconds ago With there second pick, the Buccaneers should protect Winstons blind side by selecting the entire Talahassee police department
Why else would ya'll have traded down, has to be your guy 
I expect the mods to remove this for no reason as well.
Yeah sort of wanted them to trade back
DOG
Whiz has already confirmed that Mariota starts Week 1. 
Raiders just got handed a gift 
These dudes look so dumb with beats in their ears
[What's it gonna be..](http://i.imgur.com/Ux0PRgP.jpg)
What the fuck did you hosers expect, us to pick a project tackle in the first round? NO THANK YOU.
Wow, really? how could you not stack that defense?
Not all of us
Irvin, Beasley are outside rushers. Wilkerson is more of a tackle 
They just said he was 6'7 313. Must be the suit. 
I was thinking more along the line of themes. Like, the Seahawks could have an Ultimate Warrior theme by having neon green / blue tassels on their socks & sleeves. 
Like the trade rumors will end anytime soon.
What happens if the draft clock hits 0 and the team doesn't send in a pick in time?
You aren't funny. 
#I am here for Eisen, Mayock and Chip 'The Mad Genius' Kelly!
Oh shit the Jags got their pick in quick, I like it. Looks like they had their shit together. 
They mean with SF
........you finished last in the division
(look out for Shaq)
Todd 'BIG BALLS' Bowles shaking it up
Before hearing this guy, I didn't know we even had one
I want to like TB and see them succeed. They blew it. 
313 according to the info I have in front of me.
you have no idea
Bad pick. 
I wanted the big cat...
Washington/NY seems likely. 
Fucking Redskins holding grudges and shit...it was years ago!

seahawks don't have time for the first round.
This isn't madden 
Babin is our depth, but the Jets should do better. (And Babin is an LB; are you sure he's what you meant?)
Gruden called him a future tim brown... I take that with a smile
> That's arguable.

Not that much, imo. DB is a reactionary position, and if any receiver gets enough time to try and shake coverage, even the best defender will eventually guess wrong, or make a misstep and get burned.

Give the quarterback 2.5 seconds to get rid of the ball because he's running for his life, and even an average DB can stay with his man for that long.

Plus, sacks, fumbles, and shaking a quarterback's confidence are nice bonuses that a great secondary will rarely provide.

I know that's exactly the same thing you just said. But I'm not sure I've ever heard any argument from the other side; that a good secondary is more important than getting to the QB. If there is one, I'd be genuinely interested to hear it. I mean, ideally you want a strong balance of both, but if I have to prioritize one? Pass rush.
Pls stop taking OL dammit
Certainly.
It sort of sounds like "Who Dey"
>he does not fit our system

Well now you adjust your system to Marcus Mariota. 
Lion Babe? What an odd duo that appeared to be.
DO IT FISHER
**IN TED WE TRUST**
Tre mason is now not one of my fantasy sleepers 
[**@RapSheet**](https://twitter.com/RapSheet/)

> [2015-05-01 00:10 UTC](https://twitter.com/RapSheet/status/593930438055309312)

> The \#Bucs are making the pick. No trade.

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Dolphins are intelligent creatures.
"Synchronicity" 

Such Dank Vocabulary
It was around 3 or 4 months ago that some posted a highlight video saying we should draft him. I think the reason people weren't sure was because Gruden said he's happy with our RG and we just drafted Moses last year.
No we couldn't have. We waited a long time to pick, so we were definitely looking to trade down, bud it wasn't happening (at least at a good price).


They really shit the bed tonight 
Fowler is looking like one of those mints with chocolate in them 
Honestly I think this is bullshit. He doesn't give a fuck about lying to the media because he doesn't bother to pretend they're anything other than what they are, people paid to observe and analyze his every move.

Why would he say 'oh yeah we were gonna ship our best players out...don't let the door hit you on your way out. '

He's gonna lie and he's right to do it.
That was fast.
Fucking hell, that wouldn't be fair.
I dont think he gets past us 
They allowed 185 rushing yards to the *Jaguars* last season.
Raiders gonna be fun to watch
pretty certain dolphins are going Parker
He said commercial free for the next hour.
Ravens had Boldin, Packers had Nelson and Jennings, Saints had Colston, Steelers had Holmes, Giants had Burress, Colts had Harrison and Wayne, Steelers had Ward. Idk if they all had big contracts but it seems only the Pats can get away with not having a top receiver. And even they brought in Moss to break some records.
Lol that was pretty funny actually.
This is a correct opinion.
> the Socialists

lol. But true.
Yup...
You don't want him. Product of volume, he's just not that good.
Oh man, I was just poking back. No harm at all aha
Motherfucker can play anything.
Holy shit, over the top build up about it being in chicago...
If that reported Philly deal was real... i would've taken that and ran.
Yes. The Bucks are terrible
I agree. Best guy on the board, but, man, was I hoping Williams would have fell one more pick.
Browns go with Shelton, I suspect. Maybe Gordon at 19. I am fearing a run at cornerback now. Saints to get Johnson or Peters? Fuck, I was hoping a top 4 corner falls to NE at 32
WE'RE ON THE CLOCK!!
How long has this pick been in? Did Goodell go rub one out backstage?
Bit early to be talkin about 2016 season already. 
1: Running backs' value hasn't been high lately, so two of them in the top half of the draft wasn't expected by me. 2: This draft lack any large surprises.
The guy has some developing to do for sure but his arm is insane and he's as tough as Brett favre or Aaron Rodgers he will be on an nfl team for awhile to come.
Carlos Hyde. he looked pretty damn good in limited action behind Gore last year.

He was considered by most to be the top RB of the 2014 draft going into the draft.
Fuck you dolphins, You have enough WRs
Okay. I'll spoil you rotten.


||Last 5 Picks|||
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
20|PHI|N. Agholor|WR| 
21|CIN|C. Ogbuehi| T| 
22|PIT|B. Dupree| LB| 
23|DEN|S. Ray| LB| 
24|ARI|D.J. Humphries| T|
25|CAR|S. Thompson|LB| 

Other Sports:

NBA: CHI 120-66 MIL F(CHI wins series 4-2) SAS 47-42 LAC 2nd(SAS leads 3-2)

NHL: WSH 2-1 NYR(Leads series 1-0, J. Ward: Goal with less 1 second remaining) ANA 2-0 CGY 1st
FINISH THAT THOUGHT GRUDEN!
He's still pretty damn hyped
I'm gonna trust Ted Thompson...he's quite good at his job and I assume he has a plan.
That was my thought too. Harsh
My reaction exactly.
You must feel like a million bucks knowing the difference between 3-4/4-3. Armstead didn't play the 2 gap role in college that Justin does. He had one on one matchups and still failed to rack up sacks. 

So why don't you go pull the stick out of your ass while I go read a book.
PLEASE! I am not giving up on Mettsiah!
I'm not disagreeing with you... But when a kid that young can move naturally at his weight the way he does... There's a reason almost everyone had a mid first round draft grade on him. I guess we will see once camp begins...
It's ironic that he's saying ironic.
#Y'ALL WANT A TRADE? PREPARE YOUR ANUS...
You know, they were basically all successful football players. You could have just gone with them getting hit too many times...
Wow. The tracker and I assume ESPN are still not past the fucking Packers pick. Fuck ads.
It makes me confused where is he going to fit? Is Von Miller or Ware going to sit? 
Well considering our whole starting offense is signed through the next two seasons and the defense is still the weaker unit, I would be kinda upset if we went offense first.
I had the same reaction. Rare misstep by Ozzie?
Yay! Go FSU!
At least it's not ARIK! 
You keep telling yourself that. 
I demand cornerbacks!
honestly, i hope we take him but i don't think Reggie wants any guys with "character issues"
Oh shit. For a second I forgot that guys actually went up and shook the Commissioner's hand haha. 
I wouldn't call that line stacked
Yaaaay!!!!!
@PFTCommenter 66 seconds ago With there second pick, the Buccaneers should protect Winstons blind side by selecting the entire Talahassee police department
At least he isn't going to Chicago. 
May I ask why? Do you think he wont work out or that Dupree is a better option? I personally wanted Williams or Beasley and knew Leonard wasnt gonna be there. I also think Dupree is a workout warrior and didnt produce against good olines in college. 
We did a lot of that in FA. However I wouldn't be surprised if we go 3 straight rounds of defense now.
He's coming for your job, Thomas.
Starks? What?
Shane Ray to denver? Smoke em if you got em!
fite me irl
BBHBB
I WILL AS LONG AS SEE WHO SF PICKS
Beasley's my pick for bust of the year, hope he proves me wrong, but he's ass at run defense.
weed

^fkin ^bring ^it ^m8
HEYYYYY MELVIN GO BADGERS!
Status of jimmies? Walrussled
This makes sense with Fisher. His best teams had work horse backs. But can he stay healthy.
I think the Bears had to go defense, I mean they couldn't stop anyone last year. Shelton or an OLB 
say what
RIP our hopes and dreams. ;_;
Wow, Stephone before Kendricks.
I hate you so much right now
Round 4 is cancelled 
Weren't all Niner fans bitching this guy wasn't a scheme fit for them?
3 first rounders so far and possibly a 4th with Mike Matthews, although Matthews had some issues last season. But he is a part of that Matthews clan, after all.
Yeah...
So a left tackle might have cost us Adrian Peterson again : D
Good lord Jamie Maggio is hot!
LOL I was trying to figure out why the building so was loud then I realized we are in Chicago this year 
i want cleveland to trade the next 99 1st rounders to the titans for the 2nd pick
Was there fear that the 49ers or the Texans where going to take Gordon?
I was gonna get drafted in the first rounndddd, but then i got highhhhh da da da da da da
The draft used to be a Jets home game, and so the booing by disgruntled Jets fans was a chance to show displeasure with the leadership of the organization.

Now I think it is mostly booing an unpopular commissioner.
Hey another Wide Receiver for Tebow to overthrow or Bradford to get killed with his inaccuracy
> Poor guy, he'll spend the whole season running for his life with only his Superbowl rings, millions of dollars, and supermodel wife to console him

And he'll stay awake at night wondering how he's 0 for 2 against Eli.
[**@SBNation**](https://twitter.com/SBNation/)

> [2015-05-01 00:29 UTC](https://twitter.com/SBNation/status/593935278705745920)

> Dante Fowler is taking THESE SHOES to Jacksonville.

> http://www.sbnation.com/2015/4/30/8525277/dante-fowler-is-wearing-gold-spiky-shoes-at-the-nfl-draft [[Attached pic]](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CD4U_N_XIAA-mpq.png) [[Imgur rehost]](http://i.imgur.com/bHHx7NZ.png)

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

THE SHOE DIDN'T DROP
I can see Washington's boner from here (Seattle)
boring draft so far 
Attack of the Show. It was a talk show that aired on the no longer existing G4. The hosts were Candace Bailey and Sara Jean Underwood. 
i love Dante Fowler so fucking much. Go gator bro
The rambling is unbearable.
Convenient that the guy who got busted for weed is going to Denver.
LEONARDDDDD
That hairstyle is how you know Dupree has too many "yes men" around him.
I once read a statement from an NFL player about the draft. The question was "On draft day, what are you hoping for while you watch the draft?" He answered "Anywhere but my position is all I care about."
Name o' Peat
Is this a gif or did I just blast that audio over the WiFi speakers? 
It's not like he can't be used to play RG in the mean time. At the very least, this is great leverage for when Mack's contract negotiations come up.
That guy in the white Jersey pretty much sums up all of our reactions. 
Manny!
WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY


Crowd is too polite
Chip: Oh I'm gone, I'm so gone I don't know if I can make this pick I'm so drunk I'm so gone...

Eagles FO: So do you want us to pick? We can do it for y-

Chip: But I ain't too gone, to pick up a player from Ore*gon* muhahahaha!

Eagles FO guy: I want off Chip Kelly's wild ride!!!
If anything a fat first round check will exacerbate the problem.
>Marcus Marioto
Hate the Chargers, but gotta respect a man of his word. Great job bro.
Is light cocaine a thing? Because I feel like Jon Gruden would take something like that...a lot
See ya Chip. 
the two sure TD drops against ND in Chicago come to mind.
I wonder how many hats they had there for him...
Ooooh the Raiders fucked up
Am I the only Raider fan not super disappointed 

We had no WR's.

It was a bigger priority for the team. 

AC/DC connection is here
To quote Rapoport...Wow.
Melvin Gordon, Danny Woodhead, and Branden Oliver

*swoon*
Well I mean it was a bigger surprise than Mariota and Winston.
Fuck
edit: at least least he can blaze up legally now 
We could offer a 2015 4th and a 2016 5th
As a Kentucky fan, this is the happiest timeline. 
Doesn't Todd Bowles own Raising Caines?

Please don't be Parker please don't be Parker
Cooper? Didn't he get taken by Oakland already?
The dude (tyler's actual guy I forget the name) goes to a mental hospital and people in the fight club keep updating him on the status of the flight club while he is institutionalized. 
Here it is Chip, this is the moment.
Is this how young players react to competition now? Instead of battling for a position with the new guy you'll just bail? Isn't that just admitting to others that you're not as good as the new guy?
Plus vets like woodson and tuck to teach em
3rd input?
http://sports.cbsimg.net/images/blogs/jets-Mariota-jersey-04-28-15.png
I will. Without a decent o-line, he **won't**.
No, please drop one more to us.
Why? 

$$$$$
And Ealy. And KK the year before. Dislikers will continue to dislike. 
[MAMA WE MADE IT](http://24.media.tumblr.com/dabdcf2e18be634b927a61ee1171cd9a/tumblr_mvs5qdaFYZ1s6nz8yo1_500.gif)
Nice pronunciation Goodell. Nailed it.
Idk if they have similar body types. Have you seen Winston without a shirt? Dude is gross
Ouch
and now Parker
Speculation that it's Humphries or Fisher
Go ask your mom for a hug
More I think about it, you might be right.
todd gurley looks miserable to be a ram.
Definitely a BPA type pick. I'm OK given what was picked behind us. Was really hoping Laken Tomlinson would last to us in the 2nd. 
What does the fox say sign.


Only about a year and a half too late on that one bro



Oh I get it. John fox. Ugh
GOODLUCK TO EVERYONE INVOLVED.
They aren't going to draft a 1-tech in the first round. No one should be surprised. I'm shocked so many people on /r/cowboys thought it would be Brown. It's like people don't pay attention to what the team values. 
I've only heard early second :( 
So much confusion...
That's because he sampled Move On Up... 
"The black delegation selects....Eminem"

"Wait a goddamn minute Rondell."
Zzzzzzzzzzz
Someone needs to tag in for Chris Berman.
Chiefs pick this guy, here is why he sucks, next pick

Edit: they came back to us yay!
Fuck Grigson
Yep, we're starting to turn ourselves back around. The Eagles brought in Dorsett a few weeks ago, hopefully we take him.
Those LA teams sure love their first round RBs
Chip Kelly seeking to trade confirmed
We can still trade Stacy for an O-lineman.
> It will never be funny.

FTFY
I'd take that trade in a second
who's career is Oakland going to ruin?
Is that a defensive position?
Mayock's already losing his voice.
All those free appetizers had a price...
Son of a bitch..
I live in Chicago but I wouldn't dream of being down there right now
SandoESPN
Don't know if Gurley will be a great back, but do think the great backs can succeed without good lines.

haha. yes yes they do. 
I hope the bears take Kevin White cause he's gonna bust
Well at least he embraces it lmao
Englishman checking in! Looking forward to my first live draft.
That's an awfully nice watch for an amateur athlete to own...
"We're already down to pick #21"

I'm sorry. You meant "We're finally down to pick #21"

cut to commercial 
Yea crab is pretty lean--calories are coming almost entirely from protein. 100g of king crab is 97 calories and 19g of protein. If he's coating each piece in butter that's where you can run into calorie issues. Jut make sure he uses lemon instead of butter and Jameis will be just fine.
Holy shit! 
JW in the House
hmm

Ha, on the NFL Draft sub this was the one guy they did not want. 
There's a guy in the back that makes the jerseys right away.
My mistake
For now
No surprises thus far
Thanks for the reminder. I'm switching to whiskey...
LOL!
Yo.. Hawaii to Oregon to Tennessee is disgusting..
Who the fuck had those orange uniforms? Were they playing the Dutch? 
The receiving corps would be much-improved.

But in all seriousness, LeBron would be an unbelievable redzone target.
Goodall strikes again

https://imgflip.com/i/kwb0h
Absolutely love the pick. I was getting excited there for a moment when it looked like Leonard Williams might just fall to us. 
OK. That was funny.
WOW YOU GOT A GOOD EYE 

ARE U A WIZARD
GM has Luck in a dynasty league.
At least I can take a shit now.
According to many experts there were only ~ 15-20 guys with 1st round grades. 

Safe move right now is find a guy you *know* can play for 5+ years in the league. Even if that's just special teams. 
Can't tell if they're sugar free or not
Dolphins, you need to get a solid Long Snapper. Make that the 14th pick right here. 
His mom is crying because he got signed to the Browns.
Like running backwards in a cornfield crazy? Cuz I'd be ok with that.
Jets have the pick of the litter, Beasley, White, Williams
Wut... that just does not look like a fair deal for the Chargers.
Lots of red chips - not many blue chips.
Boomer, stop saying **THE RAIDERS** for fucks sake. 
It stopped being funny in 1987.
Good pick for GB, I like Randall a lot
I'm going to say a big reason is there isn't as much talent in comparison to last year and 2012. 
Fuck your spoilers
There's a Raiders fan that"s supposed to rip his dick off. Still waiting on that one.
I'm sorry. 
Lions need to get this guy doing PR or something immediately, what an interview
Nice transition Berman
Remember when the NFL made jerseys of every team in light pink, camo, and black? 49ers look kind of like one of those.
Jets defense is STACKED
Marioto?
Not draft road graters...
I'm a diehard WVU fan and raiders fan and I wanted Cooper. So take that however you would like. 
Maybe they thought someone else was trading up for San Fran or Houston's pick. 
7 for Rd2, 5 for Rd3, 4 for Rd4-Rd7.
Nelson Agholor mark it down
Crap, Parker wont make it to us... :(
SHIT. The Chargers moved up
I feel like he said "ironic" at least 5 times 
A TRADE!!!
/r/MURICA is calling you.
The academic stuff was pretty benign. He had a take home final for one class and turned it in late. He was suspended for just the first quarter of their bowl game.
ESPN is inside
I thought this commercial was gone
Oh god I can just feel the disappointment 
Absolutely.
WT
Three first round tackles in three years.
1 andrew luck
"Chip, are you drunk right now?" 

"I'm just saying, you could do better."
It is believed one of Pete Carroll's draft clues he posts every year was about Laken Tomlinson. Rekt.

Nice job Lions.
lol wut?
Damn perfect weather for me to play for millions in, shit I'll retire now. 
#Raiders
DGB going in every pick was unexpected. 
There is no way this is correct. Can someone organize all the trades made? 
https://i.imgur.com/iHaiAun.gif
yea, thank god for the Jets
honestly needs to get banned or something at this point
GREAT PICK 

Great job by the FO giving Tannehill another tool to get him over the top. He now has Landry/Jennings/Stills/Parker/Cameron to play with!
Will never win a playoff game IMO he is not that great none of the QBs in this years draft were elite.
The spite signing
I don't understand the pick either. Not trying to put salt in wounds but run defense has been an achilles on your defense. 
Best pick in the draft so far. 
YOU TELL US THIS *NOW*?
JETS FANS SIGHTING! what majestic creatures :')
The next Eli Manning
I'm fucking pissed. That's a shitty pick. I loved Grigson as the GM here, but I'm done with him after that. Fucking bullshit. 
Breshad is not a name I am familiar with. 
As a fellow member of the NFC South, I approve of this message.
This is such a hype atmosphere that if Pikachu used lightning bolt it would ignite the hype and blow up the venue.
Really like Riddick's commentary
Guess we really really want to run and protect Brees
This thread is for spoilers the other one is spoiler free
Well no, they must have heard that somebody else wanted him. Isn't obvious to us but then we're not FO staff...
Algohor it eagles wanna blow it
Lol out of nowhere they bring out the super bowl play.
Good pick. Could make an impact in fantasy
I love Long. We're going to start 11 Defensive Ends/Tackles this year. We're revolutionizing defense.
Marcus Mariotto?
Gurly huh? Go figure
Dunno OTs were a mistery this draft. They could have gone top 10 or 2nd rounders
Biggest surprise of the night so far. Don't they have bigger needs on the O line?
I like how NFLN showed the two Packer fans in the auditorium, clapping politely. How very Wisconsin.
Fucking shit. At least the Chargers should get a RB.
Yeah they needed it bad. Maybe Eli can get some protection now 
That sweet sweet commercial revenue.
spoiler: it is shaq thompson

What a shocker
Not a star player of his caliber. Collins has proven nothing but a risk for any NFL team.
And the booing for Goodell begins!!!
Looks like it's a sun behind a dolphin instead of hoop now.
Cowboys will end up with AP.
Shhhh let him show his ignorance 
Has Mel Kiper been right about anything, ever
Berman is a LIAR
with no regard
He just picked Goodell off the floor. That's a 12 game suspension to start his career.
I don't mind, I hope he falls to us
Not sure what this dude below is talking about. He got worked last year.
OH BOY! HERE WE GO... 
Hahahah everyone's booing Goodell
I thought TN was gonna work some magic and get picks from the Eagles for him. I doubt Mariota plays much this season. Maybe he'll end up being great though.
Holy cow. I could do that.

I haven't played baseball since fifth-grade, in-house baseball.
Rodger Booooodell?
CLEVELAND YOU BETTER NOT FUCK US OUT OF PARKER
AHAHAHAHA



I mean this still isn't a bad pick 
No damn it let him fall! 
WOW, his hair line is bad!
Was expecting parker, but i guess slick rick has other plans later tonight?
And White v Waynes earlier. It's a fun draft for stuff like that.
"im a great guy, very humble" lmao
It's weird that a couple games in our division is the difference between the 7th or 13th pick and the 25th.
RIP Marcus Marioto
I'm ready 
T-minus 5 minutes until this account is deleted

HAHAHAHAHABAHAHAHA
Ha! Sapp's jersey is still on the wall
Brilliant strategy!
holy shit, 19:58???? crazy
You guys weren't kidding about Mort. Something seems off.
I bet Broncos are happy the first thing that comes out of his mouth is that he is going to work hard and to win a championship.
Overpaid Veldheer?? He allowed ONE sack. More like underpaid. I'd give him more money given last years performance. He graded out as one of the top LTs in the league. You sir are incorrect.
Woohoo Go Pack Go!
And with the First pick of the 2015 NFL draft the Tampa Bay Buccaneers select... Justin Manton?
He is around alot. Seen him a couple times. [Here is a pic of him and my friend](http://i.imgur.com/v9TDw4H.jpg)
Call me crazy but I think we wanted Ray. Denver traded up and we went with this instead. 
ted thompson has never drafted a guy with weed problems, dont think he'll start now
I've been to so many bars tonight. Pretty much every drink is a new bar since there's no covers most anywhere
No it isn't.
The pick is in.
It says it's in. 
You raaaannnngggg
That fucking cowboy haha.. Cowboys gonna cowboy
Edit: The dancing man in the cowboy costume after they announced the pick. I found it entertaining.
Ya they clearly *only* show commercials before the saints pick and not before half the other teams, right guys?
i... but... sure why not
God Dammit
Call me tonight when Amstead retires.
If Winston spilled milk on that thing he calls a goatee a cat would lick it off 
Hahahaha he botched the name
C'mon Minnesota, draft Gordon and save Cleveland from themselves 
Yay!
NOBODY KNOWS WHAT RICK DOES, HES TOO SLIIICK
Whos he?
I couldn't see the bears taking white. But who knows, didn't see jax, oak and wash doing what they did. 

Glad and happy to admit I'm wrong.
Great. You have nothing to worry about my dear. Carry on..
Raiders be Raidering
Marioto? Ok, Mike Adamle.
All these women talkin' about they get judged nonstop on their body. Is this fucking E! ??? "his body is not aesthetically pleasing" "he doesn't have a six pack under that shirt". Male body shaming is real folks! 
Ahahahahahaha poor bastid.

God damn it. I wanted them to take Eric Kendricks so bad.
There is a pot joke here somewhere 
Leonard Williams in the AFC East... may god help our souls.
Did he shake head "no"?
Wait till you hear about Jake Long.

The Rams have had a rough decade with FA offensive lineman. And drafted offensive lineman. Lets hope Joe Barksdale comes back and he and Greg Robinson buck that trend. Jason Smith, Jacob Bell, Jake Long, Jason Brown (you remember him, we made him the richest center in the league), Scott Wells, arguably Rodger Saffold given his injury history and how good he looked his rookie year... I'm sure I'm missing some. Rams O-Linemen bust in spectacular fashion, and often with a large contract behind them.

EDIT: Alex Barron, Ritchie Incognito who was fairly good but just too much of a knucklehead to stay on the team...

EDIT EDIT: Oh, they drafted John Greco. He seems to be doing pretty good. For the Browns.
Flowers at #10? 
As a Nebraska fan yes. As a Nebraska fan top 10 third round maybe. 
#TEAMCHAOS
With no dog in the fight all I wanted was carnage tonight. Well fuck
Lmao at that one guy who keeps on trying to get that DGB thread going...
Gotta protect the red rifle
Barf. 
Chip/Howie pls. You owe us a shoe.
I'm thinking more 5 mana Sylvannas 
Naw, White
28 minutes 

I just don't see the end of this draft topping when the Vikings traded back up for Bridgewater last year.
Should is a debatable question, but apparently Whisenhunt said the plan is for Mariota to start.
What y'all got against the AFC?
now that you lost the bet i realize you are everywhere!

How many times are you going to post this? You're single-handedly ruining the gif
SCANNERS!!! 
why not use all time for offers
Ohhh so that's how they have the shirts already available!
lol baby's like, "Why the fuck would you bring me here you irresponsible pieces of shit."
Yep that's basically how all the fans felt once the offseason started.
is it only the first round today or the second also?
Yep, gives us time to read about our league leading 13 World Championships, including 4 Super Bowls. Well that and bratwurst, cheese and beer cause kidney stones...Who knew?
lol taking a break when there are 3 picks in already
Shut the fuck up ESPN were drafting Leonard Williams
this years fourth and next years fifth
Great pick for atl
The bright lights of Tampa? 
Who's the black guy commentating?
WI! 
I like it!

The Rhodes are closed with Xavier.
And going the wrong Wayne with Trae. (I tried)
To be fair, he's a talented Guard. Which is better than anything the Redskins have now.
Still not a single trade. 

Is this real life?
This just in, the Eagles traded everyone on their roster to the titans in exchange for Marcus Mariota
Lol Danny Shelton can't even tackle an old rich white guy.
#OverRated

*/s*
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING MIKE BROWN
Oh those are some solid Boos
I don't think the horse swings that way.
Still some good ones on the board, don't fret my friend!
I can't believe they traded up for Ray rather than stand pat for him.
Yes, thanks. Was bugging me. 
NO PERRIMEN PANTHERS
Mainly just an Always Sunny Reference, but I always hope the best for Fisher as long as we aren't playing him.
DID LEONARD WILLIAMS COMMIT A CRIME? 
You're in a small minority with that opinion. 
should've got a OL but solid pick for the defense
Solid pick by Cleveland, glad to see them making sensible picks instead of the cray pick like everyone expects.
*walking boot
If we go QB at 31 I might cry. 
The front row collectively throws feces and bags of urine at Goodell, as is tradition.
You guys have way too many holes to fill that giving up multiple picks wouldn't be worth imo. You would have to give a 2nd+4th at least to move up.
The apocalypse is upon us. The first sign is that Jerruh be setting trends. 
Tight end 
All of which is unacceptable. We should've taken Beasley if we wanted to boost the front 7. 
ESPN Producer: Hey kid, wear this Saints shirt for a second.
Dat chin.
GRAYSON DO IT HOUSTON
Good pick, best they could get.
Where are the CM Punk chants? 
**HIDE YO' CRAB LEGS, TAMPA!**
Dank Marioto
Jesus Suzy. Bringing up the death of his brother right there? During the happiest moment of his life? Poor taste. 
lots of "wat" going on in this thread
Let this be the season where every first round pick is a QB.
Surprised Dupree fell this far. Steal for the Steelers?
The Bucs are such teasers
Everyone bitched when we took Peat at 13 saying "wah we need defense" and now we take defense and still people bitch
Literally my thought when I saw that. I'm assuming yes
Did SD trade up for Gordon?
Er, the year Lovie was fired the D was top 5 in yards and first in a lot of other categories. The year we went to the Super Bowl (what's that?) it was top two or three, with a heavy dose of top 10 D's in between. 

You're ill informed.
Cowboys War Room is smiling and cheering.
Then go to the other thread lol
Who were they going to send it to? Some Alex person?
Well our Defense is pretty fucking terrifying, but the Rangers lost, but they were just playing Jessie's Girl at the Draft soo that's pretty cool....yeah I am pretty happy about most of that.
I'm 1/3 tonight. I'm feeling good
He moves swiftly
"the Browns select... Ryan Life, Montana State penitentiary"
There is nothing really impressive about him. His film isn't that great.
I for one fear the Jets defensive line.
I'm feeling pretty neutral about our picks so far.
Yeah, watched. Sad about how it went down. 
Chip is crazy. The Titans are crazier. 
Because fuck Dallas, that's why.
lol he's so fucked in Colorado.
I could see it, but I don't believe it's imminent.
I find this to be quite cromulent. 
True, but unlikely.
We'd be insane to take anyone else. What are we going to take, a safety this early? Gurley? Jets could still use some help on the outside, the line is awesome against the run but more qb pressure would be huge.
Yeah I just don't see it with Peat, 2nd round I would have been happy but at #9?
why do th mods remove everything
I'm happy with Gurley. We got an elite talent.
Yeah, I dunno what to think about your pick... What's wrong with your front office?
Probably trying to find a way to get Mettenberger so he package him with Bradford, Barkley, Cox, Kendricks, and a green smoothie recipe to Tennessee for Marioto. 
Actually, a ham sandwich might play OL better than some players we've got.
Wow, steal.

Their already formidable defensive backfield just got amped right the fuck up.
Luck is short of weapons right /S
I feel this pick came somewhat from ownership. With Whisenhunt's preferred style of offense and QB alongside the gaping wholes in the rest of our team this didn't make that much sense. I feel ownership wanted to not only get a face of the franchise/big name but also wanted to get more buzz going about the team. 
Which tackle should the Rams have reached for oh wise Raider fan?
BPA is a far better strategy

I sense fear.
OK so this means Vikings get their CB, right?
FRESH COAST BABY!!!

I spent the weekend and first two days of this week on Superior. Insane to see so much ice still up there. I love having the UP.
we're just telling ourselves that. I don't want to see Mo leave :( stupid raiders and Jaguars and titans
fuck yeah!
3 in the first round actually. Pretty amazing really 
Luigiota
It's in the cheese. Seriously I don't know of any NFL players that went to Wisconsin that had character issues. The only Wisconsin player at all that I know has been arrested was a recruit who hadn't even signed his letter of intent yet. 
Stupid Vikings horn. That thing is so annoying.
No Shelton? DAMN
Or 25, according to the commercial.
Two 5th rounders and G Manny Ramirez
Remember Thompson really makes his money on the 2nd round picks (and later) though. His first round picks have just been alright overall. 
Good!
AFC east probably has 3 of the top 5 dlines in the league
The Cowboys select....Adrian Peterson.... Jerruh that's not how it works
i really think this pick is looking to win more in 2 years than next. we still have yet to see what our last #1 can do or our qbs.
damn. 
They also got Max Unger, which is kind of a big deal.

Best WR corps since 2011 Packers, Colts breaking records next year 
They got maclin and its not like there are any great 1st round wr prospects left
I hope anybody but the Browns or Tenn make this pick. I want some fun but really don't want us involved 
People get desperate on draft day. Hold out for a bigger haul
Jesus you better hope he pays off 
I JUST WANNA USE YOUR LOVE, TONIGHTTTT
hahahahaha
Armstead to the 49ers via Jed York
GOODBYE MARIOTA RUMORS!
Why the fuck are they playing the Zedd song featuring the chick from Paramore about a one night stand...?
This is the first time I've heard him say something negative about anyone. Must be serious
DROP IT CHIP....somehow
That's crazy. I'm sure they couldn't believe their luck when that call came in.
No surprise there. With Mason, Cunningham AND NOW Gurley Stacy would rarely get touches. I wish him the best and hope he does well wherever he lands next.
Did Goodell say Marioto?! Like how do you fuck that up?
They are going to name a weed strain after Ray in Colorado. 
Huh.
Link or it didn't happen
Panthers? It HAS to be Jake Fisher.
And a OL guy.
Wow indeed. I like the eagles, so I'm really glad this didn't happen, but the Titans are fucking crazy not to take this.
Depends.How many firsts you want to give us for this player?
SPOILERS FINALLY
Holy shit goddell is autistic 
As long as you agree to play Fisher-ball. Stacy's stats were a product of his number of carries
Tackles going HAM this draft.
Goodell's probably that guy who goes around pronouncing "Mario" as "Merry-O".
Guess Niners aren't getting him. God dammit, please not be Armstead...
damnit cardinals. I really wanted the Panthers to get humphries ya jerks
it was mostly just that we really didn't want to draft him.
Not quite Silver and Black... i wish you the best LW
With Porter as a coach and Harrison as a role model.
Everyone laughing at the raiders and saying classic raiders is hella dumb
Broncos had to trade up, Arizona would have taken him for sure.
Bears would take White if you don't ask me
THANK GOODNESS
RB in Top-10. Holy shit
I believe they put the name on the jersey once the pick is in
was expecting Jaelen to be the first Sun Devil, but i'll take it! ASU ASU ASU
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!!
rage quit chip, k thanks
Nah Samoan, and a bonus is if they don't make it in the NFL there is a 99% chance they will become a Pro-Wrestler. 
Damnit Gruden?! Really?! Can you just be happy for these kids?! Shit. Damn. Fuck man... You're hurting *MY* feelings..
FUCK. Anyone got an alternate stream?
Strange brown has yet to be taken
Dude... Shake it off
You guys aren't exactly an offensive juggernaut
I've heard that one before. 

"Chance Warmack is a no brainer."

"Jonathan Cooper is as solid as you can get."
Oh man that was sad...
I lost a draft bet.

Said Mariota would not

be drafted top 5.
Hey buddy

That's pretty high for Waynes
You filthy Jags keep your hands off my Lenny
i saw a report on my phone that the eagles are now offering bradford in that trade. Titans you crazy if you dont accept.
You get Gregory and you'll like it
Biggest problem for Tre is his pass pro. Probably why we took a bigger back. Benny is STer and pretty good overall I think carries will probably get split 3 ways.
Please take Malcom Brown. I'm a Texas alum so I watch that guy non-stop and he is a stud.
Gotta protect the breezy. 
I feel like the Chibears sub has attracted a lot of reactionary folks as its grown. Personally I'll never complain about taking the best player available, and White is a great building block for the future. Besides, I remember Angelo reaching for the position we needed most year after year and striking out a pitiful amount of times. 
Looks like they don't even need to. There's no way the Jets need a DE, Chicago's gonna get this fucker for free, or (preferably for us) the Jets try to shop the pick to a team that needs him.
Dank memery bro
He must have watched the Key & Peele substitute teacher sketch right before the Draft started.
[Randy Gregory tomorrow morning](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view5/2810681/i-said-over-easy-o.gif)
Marcus Marioto lol 
lol Jaguars war room brought to you by FanDuel
Lifelong Falcons fan, you're totally being "That Guy" now.
Thats what speed do
I would have preferred Williams too, but Gettleman might be rubbing off on me. 
Usually when it's sure fire, like there's no risk like Andrew Luck
tebow will start for the eagles this year at some point
He's one of the top 5 edge athletes of the last 17 years.
Ha! I'm a poet and I didn't even know it!
PACKERS TAKING THE MOTHER OF DRAGONS!

dayum son
No! We already have to deal with Suh and the Bills O line!
#BOOOOOOOOOOOO
'Skins talking to Browns about trading out?
He's been unhappy for a while, this is insurance.
Nah, they'll take Williams and he'll get hurt. It's how Washington pass rushers happen.
This will certainly rustle some jimmies.
dont blame them!
Schefter just tweeted: "Rams surprise incoming..."
HE, not the team. 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW. How happy are Washington fans right now?
GOD DAMMIT, YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO BE UNPREDICTABLE BAALKE.
Okay so they keep him, well there you go.
Just listening to the pundits talk about the two players, it seems like they heavily prefer Mariota over Winston
Very solid pick for the Falcons. Great edge rusher.
Lol, Vancouver wa is never the one that matters. But I used to live there and a lot of people worked "down in orgeon". There was no point to me asking really, just being nosy really. Like a neighbor peeking over the fence. Have a good day.
Where's the checkbox for autoupdate?
Teehee Dick Buttkiss
People with TV prefer Mariota
Did he just say Marcus Marioto?
This just in: Rex Ryan begging for his old job back. 
And I'm always glad to help. Now stop bitching and go celebrate a good pick
Z
I agree! Listen to this guy; he's ours!
Teddy just needs protection. I think our receivers will be fine. 
Calm down Bryan Drew!
Um, no they didn't...?
Guys. The reason this seems like a lot of commercials is because they're playing the same amount of commercials total as they would if the first hour wasn't commercial free. It just seems like more than normal because they aren't as spread out.
Seems like he still would have been there at #17, no?
Holy shit O-linemen going really fucking quick tonight.
Thanks. And lol, I totally forgot he played for us for like 4 years. I tried to wipe those teams from my memory
HOLY SHIT YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
Ok. No worries. I'm not concerned about the Chargers. Nobody is. We are more worried about the Chiefs and Donkeys. Chargers are in the back of everybody's mind. You can go ahead and make the playoffs. That's fine. Making the playoffs is fun! Sure! But I'd rather build this team up like we are and when we do make the playoffs, we won't be one and done. 
Going to guess: 

PHI gets #19 for Bradford. 

PHI trades #19, #20, Evan Mathis to Jets for #6. (OR this could be to CHI for #7 with Bokyin instead).

PHI trades #6, 2016 1st, 3rd-round pick, Fletcher Cox, and Mychal Kendricks for #2 overall.
Laughing out loud mates
PLEASE SHELTON PLEASE SHELTON please?
If they get who they wanted to, it will work out. Why do you assume he'll start? He's only under contract for one more year and he's already pretty old.
I'm pretty happy about it
ARE YOU SURPRISED. 
[Enjoy. Watch this show, you won't be disappointed :)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-hUV9yhqgY)
He's not even that much bigger than his mom
How do we know that, could be a small one
TRADE BAIT
Well yeah but if you take one top ten they better be a sure thing or you're fucked. The only top 10 pick on the Cowboys oline is Tyron Smith and he was the consensus best olinemen in that draft. 
Quick and fast are two different things....
We receive 17th overall, 117th overall and 2016 5th rounder from San Diego.
Is there anything more annoying than Jets fans at the draft
Is Alex Flanagan in San Diego?
Wow, they must really want him. Would the Texans have really picked him?

Also two RBs in the first round, what a time to be alive.
I can't believe they passed on Williams. You know what else will help Carr? Having someone like Williams on the DL
RIP in pieces Tom Brady.
Just because peters is gone doesnt mean there wont be guys in the 2nd/3rd round. 
Danny Shelton just got suspended for 4 games. 
As a Bucks fan this genuinely cheered me up after watching them get crushed today. So thank you.
Snack break?
Just like the Rams fans saying there's no way they would take a RB, even day 2
I think the boos directed at Goodell's are louder on ESPN.
Well no surprise there. My chaos theory is falling apart, sadly.
I know, I'm saying they're set for interior defensive linemen.
Oh god If he ends up being half of what LT was imma stab someone 
No. No. No. Fuck you Tennessee.
RESTORE THE ROAR
McShay 7/14, Kiper 6/14, Mayock 5/14
When we traded up I somewhat hoped it was for Gregory. Meh. 
Our mission to be the Seahawks 2.0 continues. I hope you're right. We're still about, oh, 2 years behind you? (And I'm being as optimistic as someone can possibly be LOL)
W-why? They don't need a DT.. like at all?
BOLG PREDICTION OMG TAGGED LOLZ
Well I actually like the Gators. I just absolutely loved Williams. 
Well he used to be good
Culpepper never even reached 150 tds. That surprises me, but I don't think it should. 
I hope the fuck not man. Not unless he falls to us in 3rd round
even if you get it right, it's just going to be deleted
yes if i were Cam I'd tell them if they don't get me a decent O line, only way your keeping me is with a franchise tag
Oh SHIT
For real. I didn't really follow him, I'll be honest. I heard all the talk about deflected passes and shit. About 10 of the 18 were thrown directly into the gut of a zone defender.
FTA - free to air. 


NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I want to upvote for the sentiment but at the same time it would feel unnatural for me to eulogize him.
he was actually really bad last year. stl didnt just put 2 rbs ahead of him for no reason
I'm not going places put the fucking draft back on
I feel your pain, besides McCourty and a couple other decent guys Belichick has really missed on high DB picks. Ras-I Dowling, Brandon Meriweather, Darius Butler... yeesh.
The Skins just Skinned. It can happen.
Well, trying doesn't mean they came close. Tampa Bay likely answered, listened, and said no. Not a "substantial talk" but still an attempt by Philly.
Wow. Kelly didn't take a guy from Orgeon. Biggest surprise of the draft.
Wait, are the teams not calling these guys when they pick them this year?
On the bottom left it says pick is in why isn't it announced yet 
Hahaha, if Williams is there at 6 we could very well trade back, winning you the bet!
EVERYONE
And Kuechly
How so?
I'm a grizzly guy myself.
Lol why
Laken the Jamaican
due dilligence. Just touching bases with everyone to make sure.
But can he play oline?
No, not allowed. The Bills can just sit in the corner where they belong with their defense and leave all relevant QBs the hell alone. 
inb4 Mariota to the Eagles #1 overall.
#SPEEEEEEEEEEEED.

 WE OUT HERE. WELCOME TO CHI, KEVIN.
And Cutler steps back... looking to his right... see's White making a go route.. launches it 60 yards... INTERCEPTED!
? That's his job 
5th this year, 5th next year, and G Manny Ramirez I believe. 
Laken will make our line superior 
They have 10 minutes to work with. No need to waste it.
lol shut up 
He seems so happy which makes me happy!
Well I've got good news for you...
Putting him behind Romo for a year or two would be awesome
The super crazy off season had me super hyped for this rather tame draft... only one trade so far
oh my god the raiders are gonna get leonard williams. how the fuck did that happen?
But, I wanted Gregory... :( 
 
Cowboys do need a CB though.
by scoring more points :)
Damn you called it
Yeah, mariota at 2 was terrible
Roger Goodell can't walk on stage without getting booed. Lol.
Love the pick. All the insiders in tweeter are saying he'll be a Guard. Which leaves that RT position still up in the air. 
Nooooooooooooo I liked him :(
If he has been blatantly ignoring ZimZam, then he will look foolish in our scheme. And if that is the case, he will be listening to him this year for sure.
He will be franchise tagged before he is a free agent. Even with Williams
CRAZY PICK
It might have been at the urging of Dom Capers, which excites and worries me at the same time if he's trying to return to form of the 2009 defense.
Oh fuck off ESPN you take off the ticker for the draft but not for baseball?
Now to wait ten minutes. Shit is whack. 
Looks like a young Al Harris...Mike Zimmer stahp
you mean BUC him right in the pussy!
Is...is this guy Mariota? 
Good night in Chicago.
My gf was his middle school teacher, he's a big packer fan. I wonder how he feels about this.
That's a paddlin. 
Is Mayonnaise an instrument?

No, but a Marioto must be
that titans fan was shaking 
it's the salty tears of rams' fans.
Not enough booing for my taste
Every now and then the stars align.
But that was when they took a gamble on him. If he looked promising now then his value went up.
What did the Chargers give up?
Star was taken two years ago.... smh 
5.05 40 at 320 lbs is fucking stupid. God I'm so excited for this pick. 
He's way too small to be a DE. He'll get swallowed up in the run game and I think he'll have trouble against tackles that are much faster in the NFL.

If you put him as a LB, he'll end up covering more often than rushing and that's a waste of his talents. 

Putting him in as a pass rush specialist on passing downs limits his impact.

I'm not sure how I feel about this pick.
Who cares? 

There are good backs in the 2nd and we need more than a RB. 
Way to throw us a curve ball there
Guess Johnson' three year deal is really only a 1 year deal? Actually dont mind the pick at all, just surprised by it. Dorsett is a fucking baller.
Look how wrong you are. Cooper is one of the best route runners to have come out in years.
That's a fair comparison. I'm getting the Mayhew Steal vibe from him, though. I think he has breakout potential. 
White seems like a really nice guy
NOt Amanda Peet, 1/10 would not bang
Are your british? Colour.
You stole Demarco Murray from us, never forget
Featured back, on the next episode of Locked Up.
Great pickup. His third down pass rushing is crucial for our division.
WE SKRONG 
Yes trueeee
*What do you want the fans to know about you?*

*I like Doritos*
Since Leonard Williams is falling far, can he fall to the Panthers?
Oh wow, didn't know that. Hell yes!
lmfao sam bradford is literally your quarterback
Goodel whispers " don't ever fucking do that again"
TIL Gruden wants to coach after a team selects a lineman
tradition.

The NBA one was the best. Last pick ever for David Stern Loud boos followed by loud cheers
No we shouldn't have. He's yours, we're all good. What's his hit on your cap this year? 
Who would've thought the least surprising part of this draft would be the first 2 picks. 
Dont really know much about college football but i wanted us to pickup that Todd Gurly beast, who will the cowboys most likely pick up?
lol he looks like a lazy tackler 
Because it turns your offense in to deep throws or bust, that's why.
I've seen him projected there in a lot of mocks, don't know if I missed the ones that had him higher. 
Welcome to St. Louis.
What has dreads may never die
I mean Lacy isn't bad! I love the guy!
Is Tre Mason hurt or something? Why did they pick Gurley?
Bene
I've seen every game Gurley has played in his college career (UGA Student). I don't have time to make some huge breakdown as I'm balls deep in finals studying but Gurley is the most amazing running back I have ever had the pleasure to watch. Words don't do him justice. 

NHL Update

Washington|NY Rangers | Period
---|----|----
1 | 1 | 3rd 4:13

TEBOW is the only one with the winning record?

I believe thats where ASAP Rocky graduated.
For real. I think the amount of product he uses daily is finally seeping into his scalp and affecting his brain.
Fuck you.
Ruh Roh.
Oh Im not saying Faulk wasn't a feature back. He just completely ignored both of them 
The Beach Boys may have known what they were singing about, sure, but claiming SD's beer is better than WI's is fightin' words.
It's catchy and the fans don't actually have to know English to sing along with the chorus.
A wide receiver?
Rams line isn't that bad. I think your tackles are pretty good. 


I've never actually seen a gay/transexual club in Ybor, but maybe that's just because I always know where I'm going and park by there
OMG, that black guy is in shock. That was hilarious. 
Definitely agree, against anyone other than the Bulls team we saw tonight. That group firing on all cylinders is terrifying.....I would imagine this is what it feels like when Rodgers is in the zone against the Bears
The Buccaneers made a very poor pick. This guy can't even be bothered to show up on draft night you expect him to show up for practice and game day?
literally

>Marcus Mariato 
Poor Met
How great would it be if there was some unknown player who had a very similar name to a prospective first rounder that got accidentally selected because the team mispronounced the other guy's name?
His favorite city is LA but he had there's no nfl team there yet 
HAHAHHAAHHAH
Really?
Add another name to the jersey. 
Something something weed 
http://i.imgur.com/aBz5Q1B.jpg
Nailed it
Scherff Floyd.
Dat regular season opener tho
Just Manny being Manny
Apparently shoulder injury 
I knew it. Fuck.
When life gives you a Jeffery, stroke the furry walls.
I love when they show the guys at home.

Always two white dudes: the HS coach and the agent
where was the 32 team trade I was promised 
Ayyy lmfao. 
You be good to my Melvin, San Diego :(
LEONARD WILLIAMS PLS FALL TO BUFFALO IN RD 2
No words for how happy I am right now.
YOUR TEARS FUEL ME
I know who Jerry Jones is, thanks. 
He's probably going to be gone by then

Fuckin LOL. First fans to be disappointed are Cleveland.

How do you guys do it? The real champs of /r/nfl are the Browns. 
Dammit nfl stop with ads between each fucking pick just show us who they drafted!!!
Yea, the defense is ahead of the offense at this point. I think they'll draft a RB at some point too. 
No, they wanted him at rb. Another LT, dude. 
Screenshots with Goodell are out then?
Please don't be Cooper, Please don't be Cooper, Please don't be Cooper
That would be Bortles, actually... who played 4 less games than Tannehill.
Jared Odrick is not an interior lineman.
He's versatile, will allow us to do move guys around. Has played in the box and has moved to the slot before. I like the pick - but I would have rather had Kendricks.
Me too...who the fuck doesn't take that. 
HOLOR.
I don't want him.
mingo sucks
I believe that's why everyone hates this pick. If he's disappearing vs. college players there's no way he's going to produce vs. nfl caliber players immediately. Physical attributes don't always translate to production.
Why it's a fantastic pick
GIF? Was watching hockey.
... Is there a espn stream? These announcers are shit. 
I'm pretty sure Gruden will suck Marcus Mariota's dick if he could.
Yeah can someone explain this to me? Not a big fan of this pick I don't think.
OOH! Above the red arrow in "pick is in"! GOT EM
That's not OL.
Two picks. 
I agree if it wasn't the Raiders, rooting for him though 
Terrific foot work, fluid hips, explosive athletic ability, and an aggressive mentality to get after the ball.
So, Wilkerson's gone, or are we looking at a nasty front 4?
Great pick, wanted him bad.
Kevin White
Hope so!
Man Goodell must know how much he's hated huh
DRAFT DAY MOTHER FUCKER.
Iiiinteresting. Everyone was expecting Dupree.
Hahahaha that duke guy in that highlight was like what the fuck am I suppose to do versus this fucking mammoth 
ESPN's feed is slightly earlier than NFL Network's
#justraiderthings
Damn Suzie going in with some emotional ass questions
ware's corpse*
Trade up for either the first or the third please 
http://www.quickmeme.com/img/50/500d38c72f2b860d55f61a0e5902014eeb9613bccc084bcfe81b07486fc35650.jpg
Do you know anything about the situation with Mack or Erving's versatility? Because if you don't you shouldn't comment on something you're not familiar with.
Depends. /u/outtontheborder you black?
His whole job is to cover the draft and he still can't get a spot on the set. Brutal
especially if ted drafted maxx williams i think we riot 
Goodell is like a Jets draft pick, he just keeps getting boo'd.
Haha his face when they announced it. 
Man, that is one deep group of receivers. 
But...but....Malcom:(
They have another pick.
Kevin Johnson.
I'm still not 100% happy with passing on Williams, but I accept it and Cooper is one hell of a consolation prize. I don't want to sound ungrateful, but I didn't see the need to take a WR that high. The fact that no team has ever won a Super Bowl with their own WR from the top five is a little concerning. 

Aside from that it was great. Cooper, Streater, Crabtree and Jones is a pretty decent receving corp for Carr if I do say so myself. 
I'm excited
I wanted Laken in round 2
*Vietnam flashbacks of Polian era*
Kiper and McShay both had him in the top 10...
I'm an Oregon fan. I have to watch Mariota next year which means watching the Titans now.
They drafted someone with the #6 pick who may not even be a starter unless they run 4-3
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAAAAHAAA
niceme.me
SO HYPED RIGHT NOW!
DELETED
I don't think he could have gone to a better team to reach that potential. We are a goddamn linebacker factory.
I liked that new mix. 
Trading that much is crazy.
http://www.nflshop.com/Hats_Draft_Collection?ab=bm-nflcms-Hats-Aspot-DraftCaps-4.20.15 These right?

Who was 32nd..can't figure out how to edit on mobile.
#WHAT THE FUCK!?
Beasley please. Anyone else would disappoint me greatly 
Goodell is dead. 
MOTHER OF GOD
Better than Marioto.
I'd like to laugh but by the time we pick who knows what's going to be available 
I like you!
*sigh*
Detroit got alot for moving down 5 spots.
Shane Ray and Colorado??? That doesn't mix well.
I FOUND HIM. http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/f/f9/Desmondlost.PNG/250px-Desmondlost.PNG
still watching though 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsWY6BOIO9I&feature=youtu.be
Someone flipped flapped the chip chap
HODOR STFU *mind control intensifies*
They need to just remove TC from this altogether.
LEONARD WILLIAMS PLS
San Diego going for Gordon, methinks
Expected no? Him or Dupree, I prefer Beasley tbh
It is a very solid pick, still was hoping for Devante.
YES YES YES
NO ONE predicted Mariodo at #2
Melvin's gonna be good for you guys. Worth the trade up to get him I think.
Whaaaaaat!!!!
Leonard Williams
I swear to fuck Cleveland...don't do it 
I'm very ok with this.

Nah he already had one of those. 
They go down a pick and the next team can pick ahead. Happened to the Vikings a few years ago. Worth a youtube search
I don't get it, is there anything in this guy's arsenal has that the NFL has not already seen? Seems like he is going to be a solid backup, at best.
Wow, these defensive players are going to light it up in the NFL if they continue to be unblocked.
Poor goodell lmao 
Don't hurt yourself stretching like that.

But seriously, nice :D
Basically 2 micah hydes now. thats not so bad
Refreshingly frank.
Is what the bucs would have said! 
I thought Gurley at 6 would be the nightmare scenario. This is somehow worse. It should've been Beasley or White.
So...we drafted T.Y. Hilton again?
We all should've known the draft would be a let down after the insaneness of FA. 
Hopefully Humphries is there for us. 
Dammit. I didn't want that guy landing anywhere near the NFC west. Rumors were that Arizona or San Fran were interested, but I was like, naaa, he won't make it to them. Suddenly Rams.
It was just a malfunction. They paid for a mod and now it works again
ITT: Haters getting mad that Winston's squashing their jokes
The Redskins had several, but they traded then for one shinier hat instead 
Im so pissed.
It is when you already have 2 TOP 5 players at his position. A rotation player is a waste at 6 when you can get Kevin White and hugely improve your O.
Late riser on the draft boards. I hadn't heard of him until just recently, when his name started appearing in the 20s. To see him go at 16... The draft always surprises.
Thats nice to see. 
Too late to protect RG3, guys. This is insanity.
talk about unexpected...
Biggest surprise so far is no trades
they lost san diego and we took their picks! nor cal wins again!
Malcolm Brown? Great pick.
They must see something in Kush to let Hudson walk and pass on Irving
I say again, son of a bitch... 
No cooper. No scherff. No cool mariota trade. Muck this draft!!!!!
He's an extremely talented and versatile player. He's certainly worth a late first round pick, I mean 27 is basically a 2nd rounder. If you can get a super high potential guy there, especially one who won't be asked to start right way, then you're happy.
Thats what I thought, I thought the Browns were going to try to replace Gordon with Parker.
Uhh..
I like to think that every year he thinks it will finally be the year he doesn't get booed, then he boldly steps onto the stage with a smile on his face. Only to have his dream promptly shat on by all the drunk fans. 
What?
I like it. Honestly I'm shocked we didn't do something really stupid.
said no one ever
or some people just agree with me
In his AMA, Gurley said he wanted to live in LA... but no team... NOT for long. Sorry STL fans.
All these highly conditioned athletes being called and Goodell is taking his slow ass time getting to the podium.
Ah my bad
You remember Jared Gaither. It was like McKinnie but worse....because he was on my team...lol
Wow. Expected Williams. Still a good choice though
God a trade, bout time jesus
Two running backs in the top-15. That's the biggest surprise so far.
As Longhorns fan he was one of my favorite players. Out of all the fucking teams....
This is a great pick. We are sending great messages to both sides of our football team. 
Not only for Eli but for Jennings and Williams. We had no run game last year. 
They're trying to make the Jaguars happen, in 3 years when the London Jaguars are a thing, this will make a lot more sense.
When will the first trade be?
Maybe not worth 17, but Kendricks in the 25-30 range seems fine.

Although I think whoever can snag Stephone Anthony in the second is going to be very happy.
I miss you. Do you still play video games and what not?
OK glad that's over. Now the interesting stuff begins.
Maclin?
I haven't been following the draft too well this year but I will say:

Randy Gregory (wtf happened to this guy?)

~~DJ Humphries~~(Edit: Am dumb)

TJ Clemmings

Jake Fisher

Dorial Green-Beckham
JESUS WEPT!
49ERS ARE GONNA DRAFT AN APOLOGY LETTER TO JIM HARBAUGH
2013?
Doesn't look like they'll get the chance. 
Goodell's idea of fun is fining Suh another $50,000.
Sorry ass bum michael crabtree can't be a #1 anywhere LMAO
All of them, how do you think he keeps his hair still?
That's is momma. Mmm.
With Lynch and that defense.
I'm sure you can also hear the wind blowing through their empty trophy case. 
aww geez. Well, its been real Mo.
I'm assuming he meant for the Giants specifically, not in the draft 
Damnnnnnnnn
That was Mooch who said that 
WHAT!??
He's from Tampa? Cool
Pick #15, not #17
True that. I was jealous of you guys when you did it. 
The skins have a first rounder? What is this sorcery?
How could he butcher the name of the most talked about draft prospect of the year.
AND I AM OFFICILLY SUPRISED. 
Maybe tomorrow, DGB
I'm a moron.
THIS. 

Drafting Barry fucking Sanders via time machine in the first round in 2015 wouldn't have made great sense for us. The position isn't valuable enough and we have huge needs elsewhere. 
Agreed. Wallace is good, CP will make a comeback, Johnson is only going to get more productive, Wright is solid. I'm ok with this!
While I'm not particularly interested in *what* OP is supposed to do, the fact that he brought this on himself [amuses me.](http://i.imgur.com/phrl12s.gifv)
I don't know why, but Kevin White just looks like he belongs in a Bears jersey.
Is that blonde chick his gf
WHO IS THE BLACK MAN ON ESPN?
I have such a football crush on Brown, I'm surprised he slid so far down. Pats just got a new Wilfork.

Not on First Fridays.
Hawaii is long distance. Wiz outchea tryin to help the team save on the phone bill. 
Did Rich Eisen just say Gjallarhorn? Any other guardians that can confirm?
Malcom Brown or Landon Collins?!!? DREAMS COME TRUE
Yea I fucked up the wording.
Yeah...thanks for the help. I've settled on stream2watch, I guess.

Funny how we get near HD for the games, but shit for the draft. 
I mean, fuck them. I wanted Scherff.
Damn. I wanted us to trade up for White 
Back in black.
Wow Philadelphia Ducks jokes just never get old.
I like that trade.
Could always use 4! 
sarcasm m8 
No. 
Fun Fact: Trae's first name is a nod to the fact that he's more powerful than all three Wayne's brothers combined. 
Ha. Pick is already in. 
Yeah, I hate this pick by them. Fuck. 
I'm not too excited about this pick. 
coming from a browns fans who has 22 QB's buried on their practice field come on.... Carr is gonna take care of him. 

READY FOR THE BOOS CAN I GET AN AMEN?! 
Sarcasm?
Are you hard up for depth? Seems like you have one of the best O lines in the league and I know you at least should have a healthy Bowie this year.
The Vikings are about to select. This will undoubtedly drive Packers fans crazy that they're not the center of attention and they'll constantly chide and mock their NFC North rivals for no reason. 

Good luck Vikings, winter's coming.
Well, that pick couldn't be more fitting. 
Bad choice, rams.
Still not right
So, Mettenberger is asking to be traded. Where do you guys think he should go if anywhere? Bills? Browns?
His time machine broke, he was aiming for 2013
Its now or never folks
Im sorry, but the 81-38 is somehow more embarassing than the final score, maybe it has something to do with the time of the game. Good series till then though, y'all had me really worried. 
Her?
Alshon too. Scary WRs in that division.
I could have sworn it was 2030
Dick!
Once the browns pick at 12, i consider it over.
So, does this mean that Titans management does not, in fact, believe that Mettenberger is the poor man's Tom Brady? Colour me surprised.
I really wanted the Eagles to get him. 
I'm staying at work specifically to watch this haha

I've never been so excited about anything Jets
Fucking commercial, Browns pick, then commercial. Come the fuck on.
Again, NFL Network has been infinitely more watchable than ESPN 
Goodell can't catch a break with his tongue tonight.


It's the festival of unexpected mispronounciations.
If they move to a 4-3, that could be absolutely terrifying.
Gettleman was borderline obsessive talking about getting "more speed on our defense." The more I think about it the more I think he'll replace Harper ASAP as strong safety. People keep saying "he'll play a role similar to Kam Chancellor" 
You guys are building a mean run offense. If you get some good linemen, the Rams have some potential to have a pretty deadly run game.
That DLine is ricockulous
Copying us Washington? Smart. 1st Round OLmen are where it's at.
I would have loved to give Teddy weapons but our defense is on the rise and Waynes could help take it to another level. B+
*all-in
No doubt. Enjoy the draft friend.
OMG THAT WAS SO SCARY
They have to wait for Goodell. They don't decide when the pick is announced. 
That's the same phrase he used.
Protect ya neck!
REAAACH
That's fucking awesome
Or at the very very least, clear the zones for possession receivers.
Thanks. [JSonline](http://www.jsonline.com/sports/packers/rating-the-nfl-draft-prospects-wide-receivers-and-tight-ends-b99485878z1-301009311.html)
Left sidebar for each position. Bob McGinn talks to a lot of scouts, it's nice.
Hey, who turned out the lights?
lol uhh okay? Yeah I'm pretty sure Luck could throw to a rock successfully. WR is like the last thing ya'll needed. 
someone make this happen
FUCKKKKKKKKKK! I wanted him
Fuck Gary Bettman. 

Draft is bad, worse is when he presents the Stanley cup and everyone boos him....
Could have traded down if they wanted Nelson.
First time I've ever upvoted a Packer
What the fuck man. Coulda got someone like him in the 3rd or 4th if we wanted. 
NFL Stream: "So Brandon, you're the newest Redskin".

Okay, so I'm not really ever on the side of PC-people, but I feel like it might be time to change the name...Conversations like this could be a bit...awkward.

I mean, it's not like there's a team out there called the Sacramento Chinks or something. "So, Jared, how's it feel to be a Chink?" "....Excuse me?"
I could have sworn they use to do 15 minutes/pick. Did they switch to 10 minutes when they went to Thursday round 1?
Gruden hates this pick haha
Any New England fans in here? 
Aw we have 6 rounds for OL, I wanna have fun
All of his first rounders have at worst been solid starters at some point(sans David Wilson but that was a freak injury). Aaron Ross, Kenny Phillips, Hakeem Nicks, JPP, Prince Amukamara, Justin Pugh, OBJ.
Kevin Johnson per McClain -_-
Yup. He sounds educated. 
Agreed. Off field issues are going to be a distraction. 
They also said this goofy looking white receiver was a reach for TT too
They usually happen in the mid to late first round.
You've gotta be on that karma game.
I'm pretty pumped to see what Tannehill can do next year with Parker, Landry and Stills this year.
Surely the Texans weren't going to take him.
Yeah pretty average comment 
Stop talking about politics. Go to the damn pick before I piss myself!
Facing suh and Cameron wake 2 times a year, the jets dline AND the bills... He's gonna cream his pants
Please no...
is that winston's beard? it seems like he missed a spot

Congrats! You win a second bud light!

*shrug* "Whatever"
first Donald, now this.
Oh my god. That's brutal 
Dudes a baller
We went 17 picks until a college finally got two players drafted (Oregon). I think that's a record.
HE WANTED TO PLAY FOR HIS DAD CHIP KELLY
Why? Indy has a solid WR core and they need defensive and o-line help... This pick makes zero sense 
I highly doubt it was real.
How is physically being at the draft comparable to physically being there for training and game day?
Coop or Williams, Raiders Fans?
Jamaal Charles has dat 4.3 speed doe

Gordon is a 4.55 guy
AWWWW SHIT 
BECAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEEEE
Apparently very high
Chargers fans are going to be very happy with him. Dude's special.
I think this is gonna be Kevin White
Reportedly some teams scouted him saying that he has a shoulder injury.
Gurley's girlfriend is a fox
Both places marrying siblings is legal and encouraged.
JIM WHITE ON SKY SPORTS, TIME FOR UN-NECESSARY SCREAMING AND HYPE
Mar-e-aw-toe
He doesn't look 340
Uh
Must not have heard of the Rays

Because apparently nobody has
Flair checks out.
[HWAT](http://www.obamasoundoff.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/HankHill-250x250.png)
Dupree and Ray are the top 2. Then Gregory and possibly Jones
Yes but I thought they were further back in the draft. My bad.
lououououville
Damn. This will be a very good pick for a very bad defense.
Pretty good chance Mack leaves after this season if we don't turn it around so drafting a replacement that can also help us on the right side of the line immediately was a good move IMO.
I'm thinking Ramirez will be your Center..
Jacksonville is a hell of a lot closer to UF than it is USC. $$$$
u iglgge at me m8?
All public pools are polluted...
Baalke is a mad man, love it! 
But the Brits love their Jag-u-ars.
Someone should do something ridiculous.... Chip.... Browns..... Someone 
I REALLY wanted gregory. I Still cannot fathom how a player that was talked about as a top 3 pick slid out of the first round over some weed. For real? Just some weed? Not like he was a criminal or anything...
PLEASE TAKE WILLIAMS

NOT IN THE NFCN
i wouldnt say so i think he is the best o-line player in this draft
Halfway decent chance Kendricks is on the board still at 44. Wouldn't rule out two ILBs early because they play different roles. Like the pick though. 
"Well, fuck i thought it would work out with the bears but if they really want to trade me for a 6th to the jets ill just win a super bowl with them". 
FUCK YEAH SUCK IT 
Shane Ray is going to love Colorado.
Had the exact same thought. *If you screw up this once-in-a-generation talent at QB, so help me God, Grigson*
domo origato

Fence
ugh, he's the worst
They are still Urchins 
They had a broken keyboard, I bought a broken keyboard...
from Orygone!
The U! 
Camera work by Michael J Fox
well it had to be one or the other, couldnt have gotten both i guess. I just wanted LW to be a Raider so bad
Didn't we draft offense the last 4 years ?
Scherff at #5 was a reach for me, but not a terrible pick. 
Yeah, he'll be great in the slot with potential to develop into an outside threat
Shocker
Well that was obvious 
Nah, this is the thread that allows Twitter spoilers too.
How do the Colts have the oldest defense in the NFL? I feel like they were old 5 years ago and had been drafting young guys ever since
The Werewolves of London. Jaguars.

Chris Berman for you folks.
Gee, wonder who this pick is.
Chargers trade ooooooooooooo
Carr needs some weapons! Can't blame em!
hopefully his career follows the same pattern as patterson as well
If only some form of electronic device could be devised that would allow people to talk to each other in two different locations. 
A TRADE. IT HAPPENED.
Quick-dry paint. 
Too bad there arent 6 more rounds or anything /s
I think half of our team could use a donor.
You teams previous staff didn't understand running backs. Ball will be decent. 
Rest in peace in peace?
For a premium WR? We practically stole him.
I thought it was just going to be on during March Madness, since they're going to a basketball game, but I guess I was wrong
That's still funny the 200th time.
we shouldn't draft a rb until at least round 3.personally i don't think we should take one at all
Every time I keep dying each time I see it
rofl
I don't get the hate. Dude is a monster. 
Did chip even plan on having this pick?
Great pick. Team captain, fits the mold for our recent drafts, and it's a position we need. Very happy with this pick. 
Dante Fowler the 3rd... 
Yea boy!
Why was that women wearing gloves?
http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/absolutely_right_zoolander.gif
Surprised that Randy Gregory might slip out of the 1st completely. 
I think I speak for everyone when I say, "Who?!" 
GOOOOOOD LUCK!
Another freaking commercial?
He's got no power, and is a complete one trick pony as a speed rusher. He can't stop the run to save his life, and tackles with good feet will probably eat him up because he can only win with speed.
They're spending more time talking about how good his dad was than about how good he is...
"Ou" is only ever pronounced as "oh" when romanizing Japanese. 
Great selection for the Browns. Much needed help on the DL.
But you can't just set out and get redrafted, right?
Jameis, what do you think of the organization in Tampa Bay?

"I'm just blessed."

Jameis, what is the capital of Florida?

"I'm just so blessed to be here."

Jameis, what's your middle name?

"I feel so blessed to be here."
"Jaguars are on the clock", two minutes after they put their pick in.
FUCK THIS
Yes. You can trade players after you pick them. As an example, Eli Manning was selected 1st overall in 2004 and traded to the Giants who picked 4th for Philip Rivers and draft picks
need NFL Primetime songs on these highlights
I mean, he was a 6th round pick a year ago. It shouldn't be that expensive.
NOOOOOOOOOoo Kevin Johnson gone
THE BROWNS HAVE BEEN DOCKED THEIR #19 PICK FOR ASSAULTING THE COMMISSIONER 
removed
I want to die.
your comment deserves gold
Hahahah holy shit
or he'll be a physical specimen.
It's a me
They are versatile. We should keep them all.
The pocket collapsed around him because he had a full second less than the NFL average to release the ball. 

Nothing about awareness fixes a defender in the backfield as you complete a drop back
There's no fucking way that happened.
That one guy who was close to the top of a thread the other day
Damnnnnnnn
Supposedly Bardford was included as well. Absolute idiocy if that report is correct, from the Eagles for offering all that and the Titans for turning it down. Just wow...
It recognizes players for their charity work. Each team nominates a player each year and one winner is chosen. The NFL also donates money to each players charity. 25000 for the winner and 1000 for everyone else. [Here's a link from last years ceremony.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRZKTVA056o)
Zac Stacy!
Rhodes has shut down Jeffery pretty well every time they have faced off so we'll see if Waynes can do the same to White.
Ravens draft BPA, which would be Gregory at 26?
It could have been Devin Funchess....

As a MSU grad, that would have made me more conflicted lol.
For future reference, you don't need the apostrophe. Just imagine a land of Tim Duncans, roaming in the wild, not taking ownership of anything.
Deleted
I feel shocked!
I have a feeling that Armstead is going to bust hard in the NFL. It's a very good feeling. Sorry. ^^I'm ^^not ^^sorry
*Camera pans to Manziel after every pick*
Ha, they're already saying he can still be traded. This story will never die 
Jameis V Mariota week 1
jjo is also a really good leader and can teach him b4 hes done.
True. But Tennessee? Everything about that team bores the shit out of me. 
Pick was in 15 minutes ago. League trying to create drama out of fast picks.
That table has been having issues all day. Irvin seemed pissed since the first segment.
Ew. When did Dameshek grow a beard?
They could have had Irvin from Seattle and taken Gurley.

Further proof that Thomas Dimitroff has nudes of Arthur Blank because he should have been fired already.
Draft so far could not have gone better for the Raiders?
I can't even imagine what I would've done if we'd taken Funchess.
jags getting that pick in fast
heh
Got kicked out of Mizzou, but that was the last school he technically played for. 
Hell Muthafuckin Yeah!! 
That suit is so fresh
good pick fell because he was hurt
Damnit, Detroit!
[This twitter](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate) feed has gotten the picks right so far.
Eh, might as well say it anyway, buddy
Guy grew up a Packers fan and Ted Thompson blew it. Hell of a pick by the Saints. Here's Stephone [4 years ago](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULfEYJuWMaE) and [1 month ago](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyF7aYMUJqk)
FOR THE TIME BEING
Ratings. They tested it, got more ratings than when they had rounds 1-3 combined and decided they love the ad money from 3 days versus the 2 days.
Marcus Marioto

Hmm
I remember hearing literally 10% of attendees got tickets that year.
[Because of Chicken Run every time I hear Dante Jr's last name I'll think of this guy.](http://i.imgur.com/4iadcyb.jpg)
Raji had been caught with weed twice in college
I fucking love this guy. Team leader, team captain, versatile (played multiple positions), instinctive football player and natural athlete.
He's actually a great tackler and run stopper. Prob gonna play at DB. Not my fave pick but I think it will work out
doe
Wow. Shocked, and I'm not even a chargers fan...
wow skins are gonna get williams 
To put it as quick as possible Cause he is Taylor Mays 2.0
I'm so excited ahhhh
Marioteaux
Couldn't escape the boos, Roger.
Brazen.
Here: http://www.insidesocal.com/usc/2015/02/21/ls-nelson-aghlor-identocal-eagles-wr-jeremy-maclin/
They could still do both, and all I seen was Falcons fans saying they need pass rushers bad.
He had thirty different suits. Dude has been trying out with those quick change douches.
Goodell gonna get that kinda love all night.
Nope.
But we get a lot of good player.
By it I assume you mean the spray. 
 so your response is a lazy neckbeard trope? 

Lol scrub
no way in hell the Lions don't take Brown next
Well, that was dumb.
No way Rams get a third for Stacy after putting him behind Mason and now Gurley.
You and me both brother
Ya know what... I'm good. I don't think I wanna see that afterall. 
Probably not. Especially with the more glaring needs at LB.

But whatever, I'm not a GM. In TT we trust.
Pick is in already, that's refreshingly fast
That was fast

WHAT? 
**PLEASE DON'T GET MELVIN CHARGERS**
TITANS DIDN'T TRADE OMFG
Jameis Christ that's beautiful.
I WANTED A CRAZY TRADE! 
Dude...this guy just seems too awesome. I hope flowers is half as awesome as my boy Laken!
That sweet onion chicken teriyaki is banging.
Goodell just turned a Samoan name sound like an Italian name.
GOAT at handoffs in addition to being accurate within 6 yds? Shit I'll take him regardless of Cutler. Being the GOAT of something is something not to take lightly. 
Waynes was not a reach in my book, he went about where I would have expected. I think we will see a couple big reaches at the end of this round.
Raiders, don't be mad. The kid is crazy, crazy good.
Sigh, Detroit made its pick 10 minutes ago and I'm here just waiting for ESPN to stop the commercials so I can watch some highlights
How does Goodell mispronounce Mariota's name? He's only been all over the tv networks since the season ended.
I'm missing a workout for this! Pick already!
Actually your mariotto would evolve into a mariot so at least the titans have their hotels lined up for the next season
The sequel to the Geico Salt n Peppa commercial.
yaaaaaaaaay 
Meh. Zimmer should make it work.
Well there you go then.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA 










/S
as long as he's not rushing to get a pass of something else.
he seems like a really good kid. 
The fact that they deliberately drag it on for so long even though picks are in. 
inb4 - I fucking knew it.
Nah, I'll pass. The Bills are good with what they have. 
I wanted Leo as much as the next guy, but being upset because of getting Coop is dumb. Win/win situation.
I'm starting to think Grigson is a double agent of the Patriots. Bill has brainwashed him and is soon going to activate him through his trigger word. We are doomed. 
DUKE FOOTBALL JUST HAD SOMEONE GO IN THE FIRST ROUND!!! WE DID IT. FUCK I AM SO PROUD OF OUR PROGRAM! LET'S GO DUKE!
lol@!!!!!!!!!! funny guy right here
It's simple.... we kill the Brady.
That a challenge?

Don't doubt Smoking Jay Bitch!
Drug Cartel Execution with Dull Knife (NSFW/L)

\*click*
 it's Jameis Winston vs. Marcus Mariota in Week 1
GIVE US BEASLEY!!!
The NFL isn't tax-exempt anymore, man. They gotta make that revenue somehow.
Don't jinx it!
Congrats to the 32 year old lawyer for making the draft.
FUCK DALLAS!

Poor Foles.
This'll end well. 
We call that the Tom Brady effect.
Vikings trying to trade back....
That was hilarious to me too. And then immediately after the pick everyone but Mel starts fellating the kid for being the perfect selection. 
Tom Brady is gonna die 
As in reference to what?
You bend that cap! You know you're white!
[NFL.com mirror: Jeremiah: Arik Armstead could be a top 10 pick](http://a.video.nfl.com/films/2014/nfl_com/nflcom/post/09/150413_nfln_ptd_dj_armstead_top_ten_pick_3200k.mp4)


Or Perriman from UCF
Philly fans in this thread had major strokes.
Every off-season with chip will have mariota trade speculation 
Luckily I have a back button on the side of my mouse so it wasn't up for too long. It took me by surprise though.
At least you got a 5th WR?
There are two other live threads going right now with no spoilers. Try going over there. 
He busted pretty hard in Tampa long before passing away. He died way too early but that does not change that he flopped in the NFL.


Edit.

Let me put that differently. He never lived up to his top 5 draft status.
...By helping to protect him? 
I fully suspect we do too. God I hope so
I seriously hope the Jags take Cooper so they can have 6 WRs on the field at once.
You know what this pick *doesn't* stink of? Dan Snyder. 
Come to poppa Leonard!
https://gfycat.com/ImaginativeHandyHarvestmen

Dude just cawed like a bird when he said "Marcus Mariota"
#1 overall pick or tackle? If #1 overall pick im lovin this pick.
Are we going to go with Landon Collins?!?!
SELL THE FUCKING BARN CHIP!!!!!
I'm okay with that. Gives Carr another weapon to prove himself.
Well we got Berman's favorite player and he is Samoan so that has to mean he is gonna be a hall of famer.
Welp, there goes the ILB for us tomorrow...

So maybe we go for Sambrailo in Rd2?
Mayock needs to drink some water.
Poor Bradford. Nobody loves him. 
Shipload
He's having problems talking.


Randall? Alrighty then.
you serial bruh
His face lol
INC STORM OF MAD NINER FANS
Lol what 
Redskins have to be sooo excited.
Or delicious cookies
What an odd way to say Adrian Peterson. 
Best first round pick by Cleveland in years 
Strange pick...but i have a feeling it is gonna work out really well...Colts O looking scary
He's good. Enjoy.

-Texas fan
Did anyone notice Goodell said "Marioto"
FUCK FUCK MOTHERFUCKER
Morcos Moriartti
Texans should trade up. Lets be our teams GMs tonight.
Would a team pay more for the 32nd pick than the 33rd because of the extra year option? 
Ah shit you are right.

I hate haikus already.

refrigerator. 
That pepper necklace, classy.
Damn, didn't see that coming.
The tradition of everyone booing the Jets pick is alive!
Are you fucking kidding me...
At least its not a total mess
YESSSSS HAHAHA U DONE GOOOFED WASHINGTON!!!
They gave up a lot for a bad knee
You know the Browns are up to something, they always are.
Malcom Brown and Jordan Philips on the board and they take a wr? you have to wonder what the colts are doing

It was a different GM who drafted him, but you have to remember that people said the *same. exact. thing.* when we got Kuechly.
Best player in the draft in my opinion. 
How come?
Wow. You guys are gonna get Williams...
It's tradition
I CAN'T BELIEVE WE GOT HIM YAAASSS
Yes. There are good players who play ILB available. A number of them. They are not great prospects and every scout I've ever heard is at best lukewarm on them as a group, and maybe a little warm on their personal favorite. There was absolutely not a great ILB prospect in this draft. Last year there were 2 in Shazier and Mosely, none of these guys really compare to them. 
The chiefs draft so dang well. 
Because one million is less than eleven million.
I think he's pretty high on the Raiders list. 
Browns. 
Jesus the NFL network could not make it any more obvious they know who is being picked before the pick. WTF?
Did Gruden just have a seizure? 
Man your post history confuses me, you post in /r/hiphopheads and /r/NFL yet hate black people.
yes.
Oh no! Two running backs in the first round! Kuiper's head is going to explode and make his hair look even dumber. 
Hopefully 
According to Scots board, this was the best pick available. When you rebuild, oline should be one of the first things you fix. 
HAHA THANK YOU RAMS! 
Yeah, they're really bad too. Most of them aren't even jokes
Williams
Or protect over the top
he's fast and tall and stuff
Leonard Williams I think
Spoilers dude..
Just wait until the Eagles turn out to work with Tebow. 
I agree, but you can't get your hopes up on just reports I guess.
The next pick probably will be there
I'm sorry, I'm not very familiar. What did he do?
I've only been watching ESPN. Apparently Deion does a quick interview with every player drafted that dudes watching NFLN like, so something to consider. 

Me personally: I'm here because of Gruden. 
I'm confused, I thought you were just saying it was a good pick cuz you could get Williams. Are you saying you think its a good pick?

(note: I don't pay attention to college at all so I'm genuinely curious)
Kush with a later pick backing him up
Great pick. 
it takes so long because they are talking, not because there is some delay
Maybe Goodell will pull a Marilyn Manson in his final draft and have everyone in the front row spit on him. 
Those are some nice looking swivel chairs in the Browns draft room, lacking the arm-rests height though. Seems like character issues with them too with that brighter orange, real boom or bust choice
Dorial Green-Beckham himself. 
LOL GIANTS. SORRY GUYS. 
Goodell looks nervous at the podium 
Uh....about that.
Oh my.
**FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU**
https://twitter.com/shalisemyoung/status/593974185375969281
I trust Bob Nicholson, he's cleaning house now.
LET'S GO RANGERS!!!! 
KEEP HIM AWAY FROM JOHNNY
Bears please pick someone bad
Sounds like it. Nobody worth trading up for
Gurley sure does look happy.
With his close family and friends?
When Mack went down our O-line did a 180. Same the year before when Greco went down. We had a top 5 O-line with all our starters the last 2 years and it turned into a bottom ranked line with our lack of depth.
I don't get it.
good for you todd . go dawgs!
They might draft me
BREAKING: PHIL KNIGHT IS BUYING THE TITANS. MOVING THEM TO PHILLY & MERGING WITH THE EAGLES
Cyler was straight trash man...no class too, remember when he beat some pedestrian up in UD after the Broncos lost the SB?
What exactly were their draft needs? TE?
Does that get you the whole draft?
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS THIS IS THE BEST TIMELINE COME TO PAPA KEVIN JOHNSON OR DUPREE
No Surprise there
Good to know the booing made it to Chicago too.
Marioto.
Why does it take more than 5 minutes for Goodell to reach the podium once the pick is in?
Of course there is, Casper, Wyoming is a ghost!
And Jordan Cameron? I like this. 
Bring some smokes and I'll be Azor Ahai.
Oh no, what a terrible deal. We would need to find someone - *anyone* - in Philly to break some kneecaps in the name of football. Where would we possibly find someone like that? Violence and football have never been bedfellows in this fair city!
edit: I expected lenard Williams because it would be better
Her hair is way too big
Ahahahahaha
The 49ers ones look okay, but those Raiders ones just look... so not Raiders. Like the opposite of the Raiders.
Rams always doing the unorthodox and picking a rb in the first round. The Rams are Hipsters Confirmed. 
Exactly, went to highschool with him, its Og-Bwey-he for sure. 
Fail troll is fail
LETS GO!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol Spurs gagagagagagag
FUCK THAT LADY.
Gotta wait like 10 minutes for that
With the Bears on the clock now, all I can say is thank Jesus we didn't do some bullshit trade to get the No. 2 pick
Denver saw he got caught with weed and knew he was the perfect fit. 
Yeah, they pretty much lost the few recognizable names they did have.
We need an entire secondary.
I realize. "up the road" is an expression and doesn't always mean "north"
Now here is what we are all waiting for. Pick #2. Going to be exciting
Wow, holy shit.

Good trade for the lions 
Dupree falling like a mothafucka
Not a doubt in my mind.
Who makes 44 million? 
*Who puts a roof on a scooter, what are you, the Pope?*

*Oh, Mother Butler!*

Classic.
[The prophecy has been fulfilled!](http://i.imgur.com/n00sKvZ.jpg)
I'm one inch shorter and 15 pounds heavier than Humphries. Draft me, dammit.
This guy is a saint, holy shit. A+ character 
ya I'm a little confused because ha-ha was great and morgan burnett+hyde were working fine.
[What](http://i.imgur.com/tJaBJjl.gif)
Damnit and I took your joke and made it a thing in /r/Browns. 
Biggest head scratcher of the draft so far.
The monument?
"Remember the Titans? I'll remember when they hung up on me bitch."-MM
guess tre mason is not the future. Rams really didn't have any other position they need heh
wow. If Williams goes to the Jets do they instantly have the best DL in the league?
Still butthurt that the front office can't keep information leaking out. 
http://i.imgur.com/ZKMQD.gif
They didn't have enough money to keep Murray, but they are going to give AP the contract he wants?
I can respect that
Winston
Done .
Solid pick here, Joe. This guy really has the potential to be a future star. If we look at the highlights you can really see the power and speed this guy has 
So ESPN decide to go to commercial after the pick is in has been up for about 4-5 minutes already. No wonder why i hate tv draft coverage. 
Someone will take the Jets pick in Leonard makes it past The Skins.

Jets are stacked at D-line already.
TEARable Pick!
RIP.
Stop lying to urself
I hope you have an ambiguously unfortunate future.
Turns out they're fake btw.
WAS murdered Mayock's mock.
You guys did beat us in the playoffs. Had you lost you guys would have had more options.
Yeah...uh... awesome...[quickly looks at note cards wondering who this is]
oh no thats gonna be his nickname forever now isnt it?
Lets go niners !
Holy shit!!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Come on baby, let cooper fall to 6
HAHAHAHA WHAT THE FUCK WASHINGTON IS THE NFC EAST TEAM TO BRING THE CRAZY
this rumor is not true.

/thread
Last year.
Father time is going to be his greatest adversary then
Texans would have pounced 

Wasb could get a haul right now if they traded down. Best player is still on the board. 
What a terrible investment.
Do the Texans need more defense?
okay so not just me.
With the 19th pick in the 2015 NFL draft the Browns select Zach Mettenberger
Sounds like it's too late for that, think HOU beat you to that
All three guys are athletic 300 pounders who can play inside and outside for all three downs. There will be plenty of snaps to go around. It's going to be awesome. 

"For the NFL draft, I want to make sure I look like a guy who sells ice cream at Disneyland."

I get that this is not about fashion, but really: Who the fuck told you to go out in public in that get up?
k.
You clearly don't know how Shelton works. He won't come off the field on passing downs. Dominating the interior and picking up 6-8 sacks will put him in the race for DROY. 
NO THE BRONCOS AREN'T ON THE CLOCK CHRIS THE PICK IS IN. YOU FUCKFACES ARE JUST CHOOSING TO GO TO COMMERCIAL AGAIN
I'd rather take the chargers record over the last 13 years than the raiders. No one talks about the past man, especially 13 years ago. Its all about the future and yours does not look very good.... 
But is Flowers worth it?
I'm equal parts impressed and puzzled by how Chicago has handled hosting the draft this year. 
Parker
Already 100x better than last years music choice 
Goodell probably slaps his wife during sex and she has CTE now
Wonder if the Jets take a chance on him. He's got some upside and played well, I'd take a chance with him.
[Flowers had to wait for a high five almost as long as Brady] (https://usatftw.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/brady.gif?w=1000)
Sorry bruh
It wouldn't be worth watching without the drama though. 
This Chargers fan really likes saying things in 3's.
As a Steelers and UL fan. At least the Browns didn't take Parker.
That's not what I said
I'm gonna throw up
Fucking Twitter spoilers.
Not great with mason on the team, too.
what the actual fuck is happening?

please trade up for Williams niners. please.
[IT'S THE ONLY THING CONSOLING ME RIGHT NOW](http://fc04.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2014/360/8/0/amari_cooper__oakland_raiders__by_btamdesigns-d8bb15s.jpg)
"No, this is Draftpick"
Sending your star to patriots boot camp?
Oh shit, I'm in the wrong thread!
Lions...Two guards and two picks for dropping back 5 spots
I don't mind with the value here, I wasn't in love with Byron Jones or Collins. So I am very happy with the pick.
Wow those Ram fans were hyped.
Not to mention their pick was almost always mocked to the Giants a division rival. Take what you need while also taking away what your rival wants? Win-Win.
Love this pick 
Holy shit
**GOD FUCKING DAMMIT WE WERE SO CLOSE**
White might not have gotten past the Bears. I think he's #7.
A bit relieved tbh, even though I really like Mariota. Chip has some self-control. 
[Hefty Jameis Winston](http://image.cdnllnwnl.xosnetwork.com/pics33/200/GM/GMLFZBVMXUPSIRY.20130610192256.jpg), apparently
I just think Anderson is at least comparable athletically but was much more impressive on tape. That pass rush though
Jets pls
Oakland D is gonna be scary here in a couple years

Edit- Well shit nevermind. Hell yea get Carr some weapons!
srsly there should be no clock for the team that picks first
Rellik is Killer spelled backwards
Are there drug tests at the draft?
These are the top prospects and have been for months, outside of a reach (which there hasn't been one yet) there's not much negative to say.
He might actually end up in LA
there goes tre mason's value
Crap Jets are getting Williams.
sounds like hes learning from his mistakes 
Still lots of talent on the board, keep your chin up!
Good pick, baffling trade...

No way Texans were gonna draft Gordon
raiders/niners super bowl confirmed. And it would be insanity. People would literally die
These guys are gonna die out there. 
Ben and Eli are locks. Not first ballot, but they will both be in if they retire today. 
In TT I trust
We need a backup QB in Dallas if you guys need a... jesus, wtf don't you guys need?
I have no Fucking clue how he was on the board for this long. 
EAGLES
San Diego?
does marcus peters still count?
you'll see when the pick's announced 
gordon sounds like a white dude
Chip was on the other line trying to say goodbye
If there is going to be a trade the Jets are going to do it.

pls Jets
Nah, drafting an RB in the 1st is dumb. We're not THAT dumb.
So.... Kendricks to Packers, and Hundley to Texans?

Or Landon Collins to Texans?
Great pick Miami! I am so happy!
Thank you 
There is a dispensary on like every other corner it feels like, it's awesome.
[Goodbye, entire Clemson defense](http://i.imgur.com/fYptb7y.gif)
IT'S-A ME, MARIOTO!
It's tough to watch them leave, I'm just happy Vic didn't go to the Jets 
Looks like Gurley's lady friend game is strong too. First blonde in the top 10 so far?
BYRON JONES
So... celebrate?
Looking at who our Division is drafting, We need to get beefy on Defense. 
And as is tradition for recent Bengals picks, he will sit the bench for just enough years for people to call him a bust. Big whit won't give up his spot.
1 4 and 5
What a boring draft.
Bill likes to mix up his fronts, and the combination of defenders they have now lets them do pretty much anything.
nope
No, don't even do legal dumb things. You can get wrecked for that as well.
I'm actually getting slightly worried.
I think that he'd be good as a Von Miller type player for them. 
No Eisen, it's Marioto, didn't you hear the commissioner? 
no tradebacks
Gotta be Shane Ray, right?
Thats Jon Gruden he used to be a coach. 
Don't worry, one of you guys'll be in the NFC soon.
UNFAPPABLE!
Did Reggie call you before they picked Cooper or after?
I don't think even Millen would've gone there.
If Brees can stay in the pocket for 5 seconds, someone will get open guaranteed 
don't take parker please fins.
Gordon looks so happy to be drafted. 
Could play safety
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Just stay for the last few picks. No reason not to at this point.
TRAD3
OK, that hat is pretty awesome.
Le'veon Bell has 4.6 speed. Speed isn't the only thing you need as a RB
I think Manny is going to be the new center? Not sure.
Damn I really want a defensive tackle named Saint Pete now
none left worth taking that early on.
"The Titans are interested but need a bit more value"
They need a dozen pieces. They could have gotten Irvin from Seattle and gotten something else.
Dont worry, it should end after the trade deadline
Dont fuck this up Miami. Cant believe Parker fell to us.
Winston and Mariota... will this be more like Leaf/Manning or Rivers/Manning?
*checks flair* Well, you guys would know!

I agree by the way
Ball's in your court...
We'll see how that works out in September
Pretty sure we went to a 3-4. Stand up pass rusher is perfect.
His throat doesn't get any more clear than this
He didn't get booed during his first draft.



It was right after the Donald Sterling mess, so everybody supported him because of the way he handled it. Plus, with the NBA "drafting" Isaiah Austin, everyone was rooting for Silver.
Pick is in here we go

C'mon Bucs, draft someone not named Winston. Start the chaos.
It's cool bro, I got your back >3
LoL
Am confused
Marioto. FTFY
Smart, gives carr a solid weapon. 
Stops it right at double zeros
The Texans' logo on ESPN looks like the Cowboys... or it did in black & white.
Hopefully, for your sake, he is better than the last 2 big Clemson DE's (Daquan Bowers and Gaines Adams).
you need a big run stuffer in that division. 
Schefter: "SF might not be done dealing here...."
everything is awful
I don't believe this for a second.
I'm okay with him going back to the CFL, but if he does I hope it's not back to the Als. 
theres a guy in the back that makes the jersey once the pick is in
Omg omg omg omg omg omg
Oh good a short wide receiver. Don't completely hate the pick, but really wanted Jones.
Sorry, Chip.
Do the Falcons trade up to jump ahead of Chicago??
Well of course she has a choice! I mean, obviously no means no, but she's not gonna say no, [*because of the implication.*](http://i.imgur.com/ZKCXVpE.jpg)
It'd be a waste, you can't Rassle the Cassel 
AC/DC MOTHERFUCKERS!
THE PICK IS IN....LENORD WILLIAMS I AM CALLING IT NOW
Damn straight! Beasleyyyyyyyy
I bet they were asking way too high of a price for that pick.
Someone will

They always do
He's this years draft equivalent of [Justin Houston](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f7/Justin_Houston_%28cropped%29.jpg/200px-Justin_Houston_%28cropped%29.jpg), who is a 38 year old 25 year old.
I bet he feels the same about JJ.
Must be great to be a fan of the team trading up and hearing your team called. Such a rush.
is he wearing a skirt!??
We get Manning and 2 1st round picks. 
YES LISTEN TO THAT MAN ON ALL POINTS.

PLEASE BUILD US A STADIUM.

PLEASE DON'T TRADE RIVERS.
We'll take him and even pay that hefty $100,000 fine for you. Deal?
Melvin is acting like every one of us would if we were even allowed to try out for the team. And that makes me a fan of his.
Left tackle
Sorry Kevin White, you still have Jay Cutler throwing to you
If your team is named after an airplane, you gotta go after a wr.
If you love someone, let them go.
20 seconds of highlights cool bro
Wasn't nearly as bad as it could have been. Chicago's boo game is weak. Could learn something from New York.
Beckham is the 3rd best receiver
You didn't trade back? Fucking seriously? 

fuck.
The pick is always in. STOP GOING TO COMMERCIAL YOU TWATS
Yea by like having completely different play styles completely dumbass
Rams continuing the tradition of ACL troubles
Solid, solid logical pick.
One of the only times you will ever see Rick Mirer's name...
Thank God no more "who should the Jets pick" 
SOMEONE TRADE SOMETHING JESUS CHRIST
I'm not super high on Dupree. Pitt is probably he best place he could have landed. He'll get the right coaching there. 
Gurley for the Rams was a shocker. If it's a reach depends on if you think it's a passing league or not. 
This is a surprise.
Would you go to Chicago if you didn't *have* to?
That must be why they take 5 min to announce the pick even after it's been submitted.
NOOOOOO!!!!!!!! GOD NO PLEASE FUCK NO FUCK FUCK FUCK! GOD FUCKING SHIT FUCKING JETS FUCK YALL 
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
slowest, least enthusiastic celebration ever.
You guys are getting Gregory anyway.
Booze or his flopsweat?
What do you want to do?

Downtown has Baseball, Soccer, a harbor, the largest Dali collection in this hemisphere, great bars, great restaurants? 


Good Pick considering AFCN has Bell, Forsett, Gio/Hill
Nunc Coepi
Who we tried to re-sign....
About one minute.
Come on Jets, give the crowd something to boo. Go kicker!
Hey they didn't fuck it up!
Better than Kendricks?

Maybe.
ESPN or NFL to watch?
I agree. Whiz sealed his fate with the pick, and I have very little confidence that Mariota will tear it up in his rookie year because of this, but if we get Urban Meyer when we fire Whisenhunt...well, that's another story. 
I love it. 

Bears: We will give you 12 picks and a night with any girl on the planet for your pick.

Ten: That seems fair, we have a deal.

Bears:....... But you have to take Cutler.

Ten: Fuck that, the deal is off!
Woah Texans haven't traded back into the first in a long ass time. Wonder what they got up their sleeves. 
Hey I'm 320 pounds. Draft me, dammit.
We cant disappoint the hometown fans of Chicago
Probably gonna play free safety, right?
Because spread option QBs starting day one have such a high success rate in the NFL...
who the heck is brandon scherff
That was original when the draft order was set.
Pick #3 is in. Also, NFLN thinks Jacksonville has an X in it.
A RB who almost rushed for 1,000 yards in 10 starts, a RB who rushed for almost 800 yards in only 12 games. Rounds don't matter when it comes to production, especially at RB.
I think flowers starts at RT for a season or two. Wasn't Beatty our most consistent lineman last season?
damn u ice cold
Trade hype! 
What a lame way to bring back Nintendo Sixty Four kid.
How so? He's the best WR in the draft, maybe the best player. He's great.
Reach 
L. Tomlinson
Does Erving play another position besides C. Mack is kinda in this guy's way 
I need to see a birth certificate. 
What happens if a team goes over the time limit?
Officially top 5 favorite non-Packer.
I miss that show.
Yeah, dumb for me not to go SJax. Faulk is a favorite of mine so I guess when I think of Rams RBs he always comes to mind first. 
they press the names on site. 
there was video of it last year.
It's weird. I didn't expect him to be here now. We'll see
Well after that 9ers pick i think yall won the trade
Haha, have a good night
LOL "I like banana stuff"
Or... he gets his new deal after the draft like the Jets have been saying all along. 
give me willams Reggie 
Because he doesn't have special eyes. 
Bears Kevin White???
If someone is at least 6' I wouldn't say they're short.
Should've taken Connor McDavid
I can't either, not that I'm complaining. I loved watching him at Uconn and he was always out best player, though the was gonna be like 3rd up until about a week ago. 
No idea on this guy, is he legit? I know that sounds like a dumb question but was he a reach?
Awesome pick for them. Now who do they go 19?
If that's true, the Titans absolutely should have taken it.
AFCE and the Rams?
I'm shocked they didn't trade 
I know you are but what am i! Wait....
HODOR!
Just a few more hours and we'll *finally* get to the Eagles' pick!
Seahawks will take him if he's still there in the second, he's exactly what we usually try to get on the line and it's a rare opportunity to get a first round talent that late. 
"I'm a great guy...I'm Humble." Haha.
I bet you're a cheap hooker because you have a limp willy.
Todd gurly
Pot capital of the world? lol
If the draft coverage could just feature a segment on Mel Kiper's hairline
LT3*
nooooooooooooooooooooooo so close
EVERYBODY PANIC
Ah yeah! It's happening!
This isn't another reason. It's the same reason that spurred the story in the first place. 
...Stills in the slot? Jennings might get some snaps there, but Stills is a speed guy who plays on the outside. We're not moving Landry out of the slot. Expect us to move Stills, Jennings, and Parker around on the outside, probably rotating Jennings into the slot occasionally.
Welp, looks like we're going RB in R2.
we did it first. 2010 bitches
I want the Rams to take Danny Shelton and just say "Fuck it we're playing a 5-2. Good luck" Just for sheer entertainment of that defensive line.
Honestly they were both good picks. They know Carr is the guy so why not give him an elite weapon?
Quiet you
Because everyone hates Goodell, is that really a question? 

David Stern always got booed too. 
Rick Smith doesn't really have a history of drafting running backs early. Our current running backs, Foster and Blue were undrafted and taken in the 6th round. 
Raiders fans: Yay or nay? 
This. If you watch him he's not Russell Wilson
If what is being reported is true and the Eagles offered all of that and the Titans said no IMO they are dumb as fuck 
Bye Todd :(
I think Broncos trade up and get a qb 
Hey if it gets us above 6 wins this season I don't care what he uses.
Someone needs to give that Titans fan a tranquilizer before he drops his slurpee.
Why does Marcus look so down?
As did I - [also](http://i.imgur.com/oOUpHaS.png)
I see Von in this kid, prob from the glasses
Rams vs. Seahawks next year for division.
RIP Tomryan Bradyhill
>3

Y'all did amazing this year, especially considering everybody projected you to lose more games than the Knicks actually lost. One more good draft and you're right near the top of the E.C.
Man i want chaos
Tebow gave his blessing to the Patriots before moving on. 
WOOOOOOOOOO PARKER!
He will not, he'll be playing SS and special teams.
Please no, I like this pace, I can't stand all the empty commentary that fills air time, all the general broad brush strokes of players and teams gets so old while you just wait for the next friggin pick.
You can tell by the way he talks he does not like Winston
#occupynfl
When is Chris Berman going to retire. He sucks.
Bears gotta go D here. They just switched scheme.
Where? Where was he mocked in the top 10?

I've seen top 20, but *never* top 10.
[**@TWaynes_15**](https://twitter.com/TWaynes_15/)

> [2015-05-01 01:24 UTC](https://twitter.com/TWaynes_15/status/593948989419991040)

> .@TideNFL, Honored to be \#Vikings Purple & Gold! Can't wait to rep \#OurColors \#Spon [[Attached pic]](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CD4hdRDUUAAEZPA.png) [[Imgur rehost]](http://i.imgur.com/Nv5ugqO.png)

----

[**@TWaynes_15**](https://twitter.com/TWaynes_15/)

> [2015-05-01 01:34 UTC](https://twitter.com/TWaynes_15/status/593951529867972608)

> Can't believe I'm a Viking - no greater feeling than this! @Bose \#HatHugHeadphones [[Attached pic]](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CD4jwxaUkAAr-Ij.jpg) [[Imgur rehost]](http://i.imgur.com/siRo63k.jpg)

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Who gives a shit?
Yeah, but with Flowers going so early, the demand for Tackles grew. I don't hate this pick for the Saints. 
YOU'RE GOD DAMNED RIGHT
I have to ask though, why is your board so different from everyone else's? I get differing opinions, but at some point it comes across as being different for the sake of being different. 
Waaaayyyy up I feel blessed.
lotta hype, and it always moves so slow
Ok this one I have no idea who it is.
I keep seeing this in this thread; is there a source on that?
\>implying the Bucs haven't already
Its a lot harder after we pick him
Really? A pirates life for me? Haha what the fuck
Your pick is gone
Very nice usage of Taylor Swift Blank Space by NFL Network
Good team for him.

WINSTON?! WHAT A SURPRISE
I'm right with you, I clicked this thread to discuss the pick, not do exactly the same shit as in the general thread.

I like it though, I would've preferred a trade that would allow us to get either Scheff later in the first and more picks to focus on the secondary, or focus exclusively on secondary in the early rounds and try to pick up both Collins and either Waynes or Johnson. But I'm still okay with this move, we need a decent O-line to even really evaluate if RGIII is worth re-signing.
Yes, I know that bobble headed fuck is still alive
Did they really think the Texas were going to pick up Gordon? How likely was that? 

Well at least we got next year's 5th too I was totally only expecting a 4th.
I think Parker was the pick here. If you want a CB get Peters and handcuff him
*Goes to NFL Network thread... to complain about NFL Network*
Just remember what you fuckers said about OBJ
It is just a draft. They've reduced the time a team has to pick a few times already fairly recently.
wow this was probably unbelievable pick for them
Daaaamn that dline sexy
Collins
420 blaze it
no

Let's go, Vikings will snag Williams when he falls!
STOP DROPPING THE BALL!
I didn't expect o-line to go this fast
Yeah first time watching! 
Love the trade
ESPN and NFL Network aren't showing the calls.
Man I'm stupid. I should get some sleep before I say anything dumber.
Great pick, guys.
And suddenly 9ers fans offseason just got worst. 
Yea, I thought so too, but I also thought Williams would go at 3...
THEYRE PLAYING OUR SONG THEYRE PLAYING OUR SONG
No, just taking a nap.
Inside linebacker and cornerback so maybe move him to the slot and put Hayward outside?
I'VE BEEN BITING MY LIP ALL MORNING
Dude what? He's one of the most athletically gifted players in the draft. It's really his identification of position that worries some
Luke in the middle + TD and Shaq on either side of him, good luck going up against that LB corps.
Jags not fucking around. Let's get a move on guys
Leonard prob wont be DROY, there is way too much talent on the defensive line for him to show his true potential.
Hayward to the outside, and this guy playing Nickel is where I'd put my money 
TRADE JETS OMG PLEASE
They probably weren't rated higher than Williams to the Jets.
To verify picks to let the nfl network guys actually talk. The teams want to call and talk to the players before calling them out. 
Fucker the stream got banned.
Texans wanted him apparently. 
Think they'll actually move down?
Shelton


I'm done. Fucking done.

Small edit: People can downvote all they like but I do not like the pick when there's 3 better ILBs available, Gregory and Owa. I do not like it at all.
Commercial free! ^except ^for ^the ^commercials.
"Experts" haha
A top 10 pick for a RB, especially one coming off a major knee injury. Risky 
This one. MAYOCK MASTER RACE.
God we can only dream 
Malcom Brown maybe for DEN? Please no.
Jags wasted no time getting their pick in
Berman hasn't mentioned that the Grateful Dead played a fabulous run of shows in the Auditorium Theater in '76.
Shots fired.
[**@shalisemyoung**](https://twitter.com/shalisemyoung):
>[2015-05-01 03:04:15 UTC](https://twitter.com/shalisemyoung/status/593974185375969281)

>[#patriots](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23patriots) traded the pick to Houston

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=http://reddit.com/34h7pp%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

Jenkins in no way shuts down #1 WRs consistently. Only if they're shit #1s... He runs back interceptions for TDs more often than other corners because he makes huge gambles, which also results in him giving up huge plays every game. He is not a consistently good NFL corner.
Woah
Mariota vs Luck vs Bortles vs Watt!


Have there been any shocking or "terrible" picks yet? Terrible is in quotes, because it's the draft. We will really have no idea who is good or a bust for a few years.
Yes. We are a bunch of nice people. 
Did you hear the Goodell boos? We'll have no shortage of booing tonight. 
WAT.... I wanted brown :(
source?
THAT TEAM HAD A FAMILY


Who is the blonde? 

Holy cow! 
San Andreas seems like a more serious 2012.
Cooper it is
remember last year when we wanted eddie in the first round only to get him in the end of the second round? ted trusts his board and im sure he has someone in mind at the end of round 2 or he could even trade up to take someone high on his board. he's hit home runs on a lot of his 2nd rounders and this year i dont think it's any different.
Lmao @ all the SF fans saying there's no way they'd draft him.
So? I could have listed 100 different picks that were taken way to low or way too high, just using two drastic examples.
WOOOOOOOHOOOOOOO!!!!
No /s needed
High five O-line bro 0/
How does a person like Goodell not know how to pronounce Oregon?
Literally makes no sense to me. I am so mad. What the fuck. Malcolm brown, Landon Collin, and Eddie goldman are all available. 
They desperately need anything vaguely oline related
Hahahahahaha, that sucks
That's not really possible because it's from different accounts each time. Only the admins can do IP bans.
The Jets' Defense is going to be even fucking scary if they draft Williams. With two lockdown corners in Cromartie and Revis, you better look out for Bowles' exotic blitzes.
And finely-tuned sprockets
We did AWESOME

Also we didn't draft a DB in the 1st SUCK MY FUCKIN COCK I CALLED IT MONTHS AGO
I think it's so weird that people don't pump their own gas in WA or NJ 
Is he the best player in the draft though? Mocks love him, but teams obviously didn't. Lot of questions about his reaction time off the line and him disappearing for stretches. Personally I don't think he's a bad player at all but we haven't had a 1000 yard receiver since Randy Moss, and Cooper is ready to produce right now.
The Raiders already picked though...
Same here, would've been a fan favorite coming from UK. Of course he goes to the Steelers instead...
If anyone has experience dealing with trouble young guys it's Andy. Good luck Chiefs.
MALCOLM, GO!
I don't want mariota in my division eagles pls. 
Were they jumping over Texans or was another team trying to trade up?
According to him
I thought Schefter said the trade was worked out yesterday, maybe they had the work done. Or a conditional pick could be sent. 
Probably that, too. If you can't raise your kids to feel fanatical devotion to one team from birth, you probably can't be trusted to vaccinate your kids.
!
Holy shit, Falcons fans all just orgasmed collectively.
perfect place for him

>#BOLD

fixed
YES YES YES 
We made it in 2002.
He LITERALLY jumped out of the gym
Catholic
The raiders picked fast
But dreads give you +2 intimidate
Anybody remember Dick Butkis from Hangtime? 
Can't wait to see who we pick in the first round!
Doug Farrar's Mock round is on point so far. I am impressed. He is projecting Williams next.
Who was that bust DT taken by the Jets, 4 overall in like 2002 or 2003?
Or nah
wooooooooooooooooooo
yeah that did not look good

hence the "this will do". There's still 6 more rounds to improve that position.
Reddit detective right here 
that /u/indominus-rex guy right there
Surprised. Thought Panthers would go with WR or linemen.
I'll take one Wilkerson please. Hold the salt. 
According to Mycock, this pick is on the rise.
The best part about the Draft is waiting until 10pm for the Ravens to trade back :D
Maybe they forgot about Tre
With his boner
If I was those two teams I would be VERY concerned looking at that. One has worked out well...the other has not. 


Which is it going to be? Tampa's or the Titans?
Still no trades!
> the coke

I think you answered your own question
god i hope they take mariota just so that guy wasted his money.
This is a great pick
At least a secondary that can actually hold on to interceptions. 
we've had the number 1 offense twice in the last 4 years, and top 5 in the last 6. So I think we made the right choice 
Bortles to the left, crab legs to the right
The girl behind him like "are you fucking serious?"


BOOO!!!!
FUCK YES! If we can't have him, completely fine with him going to the Pats! HOOK EM BABY 
jesus christ is philip rivers mormon!? 8 children?!
Yeah. If I were in his shoes I probably would've mumbled something that couldn't be heard and stumbled off stage. I'd be a train wreck.
I think they assumed he was playing safety
Name the dominant Pro-Bowl caliber players in that #3 defense in 2012, now name the dominant Pro-Bowl caliber players that are currently on the defense. 

You've lost all of the "Monsters of the Midway" in that time, and neglected to mention that. You don't have the 2012 defensive personnel, most of them have retired or left to play for other teams, so your point is significantly compromised by not even recognizing that.

Who's on your defense that anyone has ever heard of? Jared Allen who still hasn't proven his effectiveness in the last few years, and Kyle fuller, who still was too brief of a flash in the pan to have earned solid respect as a shutdown corner? Antrell Rolle who has to try to adjust to a new team in the last years of his career?

You're trying to cite how potent your defense was when it was the "Monsters of the Midway", but they're gone now. Now your defense is the "Legion of Whom", and drafting the 2nd best receiver that had a fluky fast 40 time at the combine doesn't help that defense at all. Wins and losses still come down to your points vs. the opponents' points, and you've done next to nothing to address the 50+ scoring differential trend you suffered from last year.
That was the exact thought I was having when going through the drafted players.
Then they'd actually have to put some effort into finding one.
Maybe we should try him on D-line first.
I feel like everyone in the world but r/49ers knew they were taking Armstead
It was hilarious how happy he sounded when the Pats took Malcom Brown since he had him so high
Or the relentless booing.
People making fun of Redskins don't know how important tackles are. Redskins done good with that pick.
Scary but unnecessary. 
You had that one good one, Brandon something or other...
They just got the memo.
BOB had Petty rated as the top QB.
He IS defintely raw, but he has enough talent and physical ability to be a great receiver. 
You hear 6th rd pick and QB, your mind goes to Uggs.
Thanks.
Nice call.
Got Cooper, my favorite player and #2 on my personal board. Fucking stoked.

Watched Williams go to the Jets. Very sad.

Seeing Landon Collins, Randy Gregory, Owamagbe Odighizuwa, and a plethora of very good RBs, OGs, and LBs to start the 2nd. No way the Raiders can miss on #35.
> @ZSTACY_: Yikes.

thats what the tweet said
Well most teams seem to be taking the predictable, safe pick so far this draft.
Well, Wilkerson on the block. That makes sense. They could get a first next year, maybe more. 
Something tells me the Saints will trade down
Figured lol.
Holy crap, these picks are flying in, why isn't Chip Kelly bargaining?...


WHAT HAVE THEY DONE WITH CHIP KELLY?
I think Detroit got a great player.
I saw it
The karma thirst is real 
Agree
Got 'em 
ARE YOU DRUNK ALREADY? THE DRAFT BARELY STARTED 
Eh. Byron Jones was a better pick
Did Rich just call people from Chicago fat?
Bridgewater isn't there anymore Houston.
Hahahahahah suck a dick 
Saints needs; what DON'T they need? 
I wanted him "(
No 'transcendent' players? Really? Uh, Cooper is one. 
They are going to miss the pick!
He's fucking big, I know that much.
i'm so conflicted on what i want from this draft...my gut screams OT, but if malcolm brown's available, that's damn hard to pass up. same goes for melvin gordon.
no way its gonna be Wilk - Williams - Richardson as a line. Snacks when you need 4 down linemen
Nah, Benny Cunningham is our 3rd down back, he's much better at it. Stacy is now the 4th string, and maybe 5th string because Isaiah Pead can play special teams.
I'm over on the IL side and the Lids at St Clair only had Rams and Cowboys. This was early last week though and they weren't even on display yet. They had them in the back still when I asked. Bears stuff is generally easy to find on this side of the river though. St Louis teams are definitely the majority, but we still have a good amount of 'Illinois Team' fans.
I do too. I don't see the outrage. Give Luck more weapons. How could you go wrong with that strategy?
**PERFECT**
He and Reggie Miller should read a dictionary. 
Indeed sound keeps cutting out

Take Gregory Cleveland. 

Or Beckham
Not Perriman! Whoo!
FUCKING TRADE DOWN JETS
I don't blame you. Sure, having a stable is a good thing but that stops working once they both are clearly good enough to be the solo back. 
Maclin looks more built than him
HAHAHA WAT
POLICE
I'm more pointing out the ridiculousness of defining eighths of inches on height.

Unless you feel that extra 1/8 inch makes a big difference?
Yeah he did
Week 1 is Bucs vs. Titans didn't know that. 
Rito plz

Watch us pick up Strong in the second.
Gotta be.
Holy shit, glad we didn't risk missing a WR with the idea we'd get somebody comparable in the second.

Agholor was the only other guy in the first couple of rounds that I thought would be a good fit right away with a high enough ceiling to warrant ignoring defensive needs.
yup for sure. i've been watching him since he was in high school. Very happy with this 
How the fuck is losing to Stanford a negative mark on Mariota? Fuck you Mel. 
Flowers is a big boy.
Major drama? About this draft? Really NFL Network?
I'd love to see if the Saints would bargain with him. They've spent some time with him and I don't think there are many people who think he is involved on any level so they might use a 5th or something. While it could be a bad PR move, could turn into a really good PR move if he is cleared and it turns into an inspirational story of rebounding from tragedy
UHOH, TRADE.
i wish you were wrong
Tennessee ruined my day :*(
We can always use a third baseman.
Hawaiian I believe 
I love everything you're doing here.
Got nothing to do with money in my mind
They were probably worried Houston would take him or someone else wanted to move up.
Y'all gonna get a pass rusher, calling it
Don't forget Cunningham. Dude was pretty great last year.
Color coordinated suit. Great first move.
=(
Bpa
the ol straw man. 
If the Eagles would take another Marcus Smith, that'd be great.
BAD pick
WE AINT TRADING THE PICK
the usual amount..
NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
I hope you guys fucking stomp Cleveland.
Matthews was good last year 
OK but are you excited? 
I'll be rooting for my boy Danny up in Cleveland! Guy is a baller.
Fuck trade me down
Now the draft actually starts
49ers Team needs: A new GM
Soooo we have Landry in the slot, Jennings back wide and Stills out wide with Cameron at TE. Where is Parker lining up?
lol did you guys see his tweet?? https://twitter.com/ZSTACY_/status/593946934819180544

"Marioto"

BOOOOOOOOOO!
Don't be conflicted. He's a Jaguar now. 
we up
Scandrick is the best corner on the team and he was a 4th round pick.
Yeah he does, he's only torn the same ACL twice, his other one is intact. 
No trade of the pick, damn.

...did he say marcus marioto
I'm calling it. The Rams trade back.
OMG YES. THANK GOD
[**@christomasson**](https://twitter.com/christomasson/)

> [2015-05-01 01:52 UTC](https://twitter.com/christomasson/status/593956192596021248)

> Rick Spielman says again he WILL NOT TRADE ADRIAN PETERSON

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

I'm not. Steal or steel, my dick is hard as the latter
With OP's mom.
Gets shit together?? He got caught with weed. Do your think Denver Broncos care about possession of weed???
WHY DIDNT YOU TRADE DOWN?????????
With the 7th Pick the Chicago Bears select *BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*
Sorry they didn't consult you first. 
Let the hate flow through you.... 
I DID NOT KNOW THAT
Malcolm Brown , Byron Jones , Randy Gregory 
Brees had no time to throw last year so with the Graham trade and now this pick, it's something they prioritized. They said they are looking for football players, meaning they want someone who can come in and contribute immediately. Some fans are pissed Dupree wasn't taken but there are opinions out there he was somewhat of a project. I don't care. Max Unger. Peat. 

Protect Brees so we can put up numbers so it helps our defense by not having to play from behind. I think 2 out of the next 3 picks should be defense, but if DGB is there at 31, I take his ass also and piss off even more fans wanting defensive picks. Then pick La'el Collins in the third and piss them off some more!

edit: Really I'd take La'el a round or two later and focus on defense.
PLEASE MGIII
We are the greatest team of any sport on this entire planet in the entire galaxy of the entire solar system.
Lotta empty seats behind DJ and Charles there.
Is Irving just pissed off? He just threw his mic down.
San Diego
The calgagry rough riders third string running back only to be signed by the pats one week before the game. I have no idea.
gay lives matter
So I've been busy mostly watching the Bulls game, but as a side note, which channel has been better for watching this so far? NFL Network or ESPN? I've been mostly on ESPN
A lot of guys had red and black on. 
I'd be pissed if they traded up for Gordon. 

I hate trading up unless its for a game changer. While I think he's going to be a good back I don't think he's a game changer and there are good back we can get in the 2nd. 
You let the giants win the super bowl... twice.
JAGS! TAKE FOWLER! TAKE FOWLER!!! LET COOPER/WILLIAMS BE THERE FOR USSSSS!
Meh. Good lol
MARIATO?
Oh fuck me. Really. We could have had Williams or at least traded down to get him. Fuck.
No, his stats say that
Y'all's shits gonna be really scary next year Eaglesbro.
Rams better make this exciting
Jaguars picked insanely fast.
Have a nice dream, she only let him stick the head in.
Wait can the Titans trade his rights to the Eagles later in the draft? If so... It's still on!!
Sling tv users have to bear the ESPN commercials and John Buccigross muscleflex
Like him better than perryman
Probably so they can hear their phone when they're called.
Agholor Morgulis?
yesss
You say that but all it takes is a push. Look at what happened with the 49ers.
Alright, hopefully Ereck Flowers. I guess Dupree wouldn't be a bad option either. 
I will be so disappointed 
Perriman just needs to let that hairline go man. Shave your head man, we can all see the struggle dreads or not. 
1. Post in bet thread

2. Prophet

3. ???

4. Profit
~~RADIO~~ TELEVISION
I love seeing guys go to where they want to. Something special 
Trade!!! Broncos trade up to Lions pick!
Fuck everyone else, I like the pick. Calais Campbell Jr!!!
If Mariota can do a snap count, he's our week 1 starter. 
probably beats by dre sponsor. i was wondering that too
It was in Wake Forest, NC but moved in 1953 to Winston Salem because RJ Reynolds donated a shit load of land and money to have it moved. 
Probable spoiler alert: Vikings trade down with the Browns 
No. Recency bias, & draft value bias.
I love this guy. 
They have to go defense or trade down. 
You know vacation homes exist right?
Very friendly fella. With a delicate voice. 
From this outstanding content to when she mentioned a guy's dead brother. Brilliant.
It's a bit of a reach, honestly.
What a shit interview, wow
oh shit Raiders didnt take Williams?
It's certainly a scary d-line, but it means they're not addressing one of their holes. Just a marginal improvement on an already excellent part of their team.
Unless they are planning to convert this kid to safety, I am super confused.
A few people were clamoring for Malcolm Brown. We dealt for Ngata, though. We'll be fine. This helps the run game fuckloads.
Is Gaffney the new Tyms lol?
I'd rather go front seven than secondary. Rub defense is our weakness, so if Brown is available, we should take him. 
pls Parker pls
Then why draft a guard at #5 when our biggest problem is RT
Come to the Raiders. 
Good luck. I heard Eric Cartman hired a GOAT to rip your dicks off. 

Then chili. 
IT'S NOT ABOUT NATURE. YOU LOSE.
LANDON COLLINS BOYS PLEASE 
WTF? WTF? WTF? WTF?

He looks really disappointed?
I'll do my best to keep a conversation going with you as much as possible.
Pay for Mariota or we take him.
Didn't someone have Beasley dropping out of the first in their mock? 
FUCK YOU RAMS FUCK
Dude is a wizard, don't worry about it
Tennessee, shock us all please. 
It's Gruden. He always shits on the Falcons, and the Saints can do no wrong in his mind.
So let me get this straight, the pick was in before the commercials and now they still have to talk for 2 minutes before they announce the pick?
they'll have at least 2 teams by the time his rookie deal is up
###Please review the [Posting Guidelines](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/wiki/postingguidelines#wiki_posting_guidelines)

>**The following submissions/posts will be removed:**

>* **Joke submissions**

>These are submissions which are only posted for laughs. They include freeze-frames of silly faces, meme-based content and videos. Repeated offenses could result in a ban on posting submissions. This includes but is not limited to: Memes, Comics, Satire, Reactions, Gifs, Screenshots.

Alternatively:

* Many in this category could be appropriately posted in the **Trash Talk Thursday thread**.
* Other subs, such as **/r/nflcirclejerk** and **/r/nfffffffluuuuuuuuuuuu** are designed for this kind of content.
* Posts such as these could be appropriately posted in an existing thread on the topic. 

*User feedback is the best way to help improve this sub, so please don't hesitate to [send us a message](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fnfl), if you have any questions on the rules, or how they are applied.*
Did Goodell pronounce his name "Mariato"?
Shelton is about to get a half season suspension for abuse of the commish
Why did she feel the need to bring that shit up now...? Just talk football.
I remember thinking he and Anthony Thomas were going to light it up for you guys. If it's any consolation, I took the bears to several Superbowls in Madden that year
duuuuuval 
Tim Tebow GOAT
WHAT ARE WE GETTING?????
No you see it will be the current Calgary rough riders third stringer signed a week before that will run over us for 565 yards, 5 TD's and fuck andrew lucks girl on the field. 
Looks like we stole the Giant's pick earlier. I like it.
Part plumber
NOOOOO HE WAS THE CHOSEN ONE WHO WOULD BE A GOOD PATS WIDE RECEIVER. NOW HE IS DESTINED TO ROT BEHIND THE VORTEX THAT IS DEZ BRYANT
Amazing pick, we needed CB depth badly, he's a leader and hard worker, freak athlete who is over 6ft, oh and we need a free safety as well. He fills so many needs. Plus breaking that broad jump world record at the combine was pretty amazing.
http://i.imgur.com/RXeH7I5.gif
Holy shit, Rivers is going to have his 8th kid? my god... 
http://imgur.com/24zAGCS
> He's not a good tackler

great......
Hopefully you do well ogbuehi! Loved watching you destroy it on the line at tamu. Gig em. 
RIP! IT! OFF! RIP! IT! OFF! RIP! IT! OFF! RIP! IT! OFF!

Edit: OP PLEASE DELIVER!
Yea but you didn't know you were going to get him until now. Hindsight is 20.20
"They got no where to go but up." They could continue to go laterally.
Needs more crabs legs.
I'm betting we take an O-lineman in Day 2 (likely a guard) and the offense has definitely made itself over to be successful for future seasons.

Actually, Orlando Franklin excites me a ton because he's young and big and locked up for the prime years. The only real problems he has are technique issues, and we've got Joe D as an O-line coach. Not even worried.
MAYO***CK***

YOU SCREWED UP THE LORD'S NAME.
Remember, Bradford said he would be open to a new deal in Philly but not if he was traded. This is PR. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxK_nA2iVXw&spfreload=10
really? how's mack?
This pick is the Beas' knees.
Redskins just went from 100% to flaccid
Domo arigato Mr. Marioto
no spoilers asshole 
All good man, sorry about your day, hope you get a good player. 
Actually some guy named Mariato got drafted, sorry Tennessee 
And now ESPN will stop caring about the draft
Gurley it is. 
Don't forget Kennard. Also while not a starter quality player yet Williams could still work out.
i liked your pick, a safety who can catch and runs a 4.4. Yall have a pretty good looking secondary.
Absolutely not. Can't stand Melo. Became a Ravens fan because I bought Madden 04 in 2006 and all of my favorite players from that game were on the Ravens by then so I just decided to roll with them.
I'm ignoring it for the next few days.
...why would you need to trade over us and the Texans for Gordon...?
That's dedication.
But he loves you, man. God bless.
Mort giving the world's most awkward smile...
I hope Agholor goes GoT on us and just speaks "Agholor" as Hodor would. 
He better do that every play this season.
COME ON BABY !!!
Take your time, Jets. We have a good trade possibility in our hands.

Sorry.
He's a pompous douchebag.
Damn that would be impressive considering he coaches in Tennessee now.
I feel like I just finally saw a hot famous celebrity nude and it was "meh"
Yes DeVante, keep falling....
With Max Unger and re-signing Ingram, we're looking to be run heavy. This guy is a serious run blocker. 
EAGLES YOUVE FAILED ME!!!!
I'm not even sure what to feel right now. I thought they would get dupree
Someone get Dameshek a new mic
Did you really want Shane Ray that badly?
Surprised.
I really don't like BJ. Going over his replays in college I'm just not impressed. Cool, he has an insane broad jump, but he hasn't really proven anything yet.
He wont have much fun going up against the rest of this division
BROWNS PICK TEBOW!
Watching Berman almost makes this unwatchable 
With what the rotation was for rbs on the Rams last year, it's clear his role was decreasing. Adding in another guy who is better than the rest is discouraging to them.
It's 04.47 am here and I should go to bed. I have been a follower of the NFL since 1998 (interest really sparked aroumd 2002) and this is the first time I am watching the draft. It's fun as hell and we don't even have a pick today. GO DRAFT AND GO BEER!
GURLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEY
money downs
Poor, Poor Tom
I feel like Gruden is doing great commentary tonight. Normally I can't stand him, but he's brought up some valid concerns on some of the selections so far. 
Seattle resident here, yes but he's a freak think Bruce Irving 2.0, plus dude played RB and was good. He's a high risk high reward player.
Who said the Titans can't trade him right now? You never get of Mr. Kelly's Wild Ride.
[MRW seeing this](http://i.imgur.com/vB9B5.gif)
...are they using a CG image of Todd Bowles lol
Damn you people. STL needed that kid.
WHAT A PICK
Right? I love that
Why would I know that?
Leave me alone. 
Running the ball probably just reminds them of Richardson so they decided to only throw
Chip knows
Beasley's gonna be striking plenty of gold down in NO next season.
Pitt. The. Elder!
Well got that wrong 
MY FUCKING TEAM DOESN'T HAVE A FUCKING PICK AND I'M FUCKING HYPED HOLY SHITBALLS
Nah he'll stick to his boy, and power to him for it.
May be a stupid question but what kind of money are these guys getting to pay for these watches and clothes they have?
HOLY FUCK THE SUIT ON FOWLER
Who do the Broncos have for backup QB? Have they drafted any recently?
Whose up?
Come on Williams slide to 29. 
Apparently Jameis Winston is both the best and worst choice for the Bucs
I've played enough Madden to know a good O-line is he difference between All-Pro and All-Madden. Just looks as though the coaches have finally caught on. 
Well he gets paid to show up. Also, just so he doesn't get fined. 
> I lost Haiku bet.

The only line I read in a Japanese accent.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Leonard Williams...STILL AVAILABLE!!
Did he just shake his head when he heard?????
Hope he falls to 22
Uh.... Better they take him rather than someone who will increase their chances at hurting peyton.... So glad they took him. 
Good fit though. Flacco will love his speed and ravens don't have anybody else at wr beside Steve Smith who's only getting older. 
They take their time so other teams can offer for trades. 
Me: 5 Yeahhh shoulda copied McShay in my pools
Browns are right on top of who they want for these 2 picks
I know, I love those guys.

They might even make a Kazaam 2 joke again
We have a pretty low key squad. I'm hoping for the best. 
I thought I heard them say limited commercials for the first hour. 
This is the most bloated commercial broadcast I have ever seen... This is just shameful... I'm watching more basketball on draft night than player analysis. 
How is Mariota gonna be the steal of the draft at #2 overall?
http://www.gfycat.com/SpanishVillainousGrebe
As if the Bucs didn't know who they were picking
WHAT THE FUCK SCHERFF?
There is a flop off about to start on tnt at 630

Who flops more Spurs or clippers?
We could still get him, a la Manning-Rivers way back when.
Winston #1. Congrats on your franchise QB Tampa
Meh

I don't think you guys understood what I meant here lol
Buuuuuuuuurrrrrrrnnnnnn!
HE said he was. It's not a question of if. It's why he sucked all year. 
ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT
Raise your Winstons!

Doesn't work :(
Hahaha "I'm tired of talking about it." Him and Cutler were made for each other. 
For the love of god don't pick Williams, Jags. I can't handle another D line like Houston's

And I'm willing to bet that Mariota can't either
Chris Berman sounds like he is toughing through a heart attack.
unfortunately there's no DH in the NFC
Hahahaha WHAT
First pick I haven't heard booing for
Because hes tbe commissioner, and every commissioner in every sport is hated.
Nice pick, but i'm not sure it was worth sacrificing another 2
Holy shit 
RB
Am I the only one who thinks Stacy doesn't have much of an NFL future? He had one "good" season, and "good" is defined as being similar to Trent Richardson's rookie season. No top end speed, big play ability, or involvement in the passing game.

I said it before last year, but he's just not that good.
I literally didn't know that
They iron on the letters immediately and just have the jerseys waiting. 
Texans (or the 49ers) could've been selling their pick to someone else who wanted Gordon before the Chargers got him.
You can draft the other Texas player named Malcolm Brown. They were both 5 star recruits.
[Melvin is living his dream](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0qFnWyVhw4)
"Brings a lunchpail to work" too.
You know what I want? 
#MORE COMMERCIALS
Look at the combine numbers and tell me how he is even close to being as athletic as Calvin Johnson. DGB doesn't even know what a route is. 
Wouldn't it be funny if he looked the Big Vince by the end of the season?
Didn't allegedly rape anyone.
Me too. Not sure why so many jets fans hate on him
For giving up five whole spots in the first round? Trading down is usually a good move, especially when you give up that little.
Takes 2-3 years for wide receivers to develop. We will need another wide receiver in 2-3 years. Surrounding luck with talent is paramount and why we have made the playoffs 3 years in a row. I'm a fan
melvin gordon 
we fucked ourselves too
this actually will put tension on Mo Claiborne and Carr so they could work for a spot and maybe bring out unseen production in either or.
That reaction time
And Chip Kelly weeps losing another one of his ducklings.
We have so many Auburn players on our team though lol. Robinson, Mason, Bates...(used to have Lutzenkirchen RIP)
I hope the Giants pick Parker. Would love to see that offense in the NFC East.
Wow, they did it. Holy crap.
I knew in my heart the whole time this trade was bogus, but damn is it good to actually see someone say it. Won't stop people from calling our FO idiots for not accepting a non-existent trade.
Just wait till Agholor gets a few smoothies. 
Good thing about these commercials is I got to see the caps win on a last second shot and I get to see plenty of the spurs game
[Chip Kelly right now](http://i.imgur.com/nHyLz7j.jpg)
Wtf Houston?
And the Redskins supposedly wanted to trade down...so...
Kevin Johnson will be picked by the Texans :(. My sources are fucked! 
They came back from the first commercial break and were talking, he randomly just took a drink of water. The main dude called him out "you couldn't have done that during the commercial break?" It's been awkward since then.
Has he retired yet?
Well, honestly, who can stand Berman?
Well the Bears already picked, so time to find out who about 10 minutes from now.
Also the Bucks' best player earned a moronic flagrant 2.
CSN Philly saying Eagles got Nelson Agholor
Maybe these aren't technically commercial breaks because they are actually being shown on stage
I WANNA SEE SAM BRADFORD PICK UP THE PHONE NOT MARIOTA
No, he's in Alabama.
I too am excited.
Malcom literally just said thanks after OP opened the door for him once. Not a crush OP
Time for some crazy trades please.
Kevin tell us about yourself?

"I'm great, and I'm humble."
You forgot about the shoe licking, from the [Ybor Shoe Licker](http://youtu.be/a6TIK1Q-rFc)
WOW WHAT THE FUCK
Someone has to cover White
GOD DAMN this dudes arms are huge.
Yes, that's our great horn.
I'll allow it. 
Melvin Gordon could be LT 2.0. 
Dude sure is ugly
McKenzie is currently making a cloning machine for Khalil mack 
>CP will make a comeback

You have just been added to a government watch list.
And getting Ramirez 
I don't think it was that much of a Reach, could be a more than solid day-1 starter. Remember Zack Martin and Travis Fredbeard?
You know what to do Fisher. Leo will be ours.
That is the best news I've heard all day.
The American Audience, that's who.
Holy shit the Mods are on their game. I just saw two jackasses post #2 pick threads and get simultaneously deleted. Not fucking around tonight. 
He had 1300 yards and 8 TDs and was replaced by a guy who rushed for all of 760 yards and 4 TDs....
Good pair with Xavier Rhodes. If Zimmer does his thing we could finally have a scary secondary along with Harrison Smith.
This dude is going to be one of the biggest busts for this draft. Calling it now.
My devant-baes have been lowered, possibly forever.
It has not been an hour
You mean you weren't fooled by our smokescreen?!
TAKE THAT KIPER!! SUCK IT!!
T.Y., Johnson, Moncrief, Carter, Allen, Fleener, and now this kid? Holy shit. I didn't want a receiver in the first round, but hell, I'm not complaining.
RICH IS A GHOST
I'm sure that will be a robust market. Can you trade UDFA's?
I really waiting for [/u/dmacisabeast](http://www.reddit.com/user/dmacisabeast) to comment. I think he has a lot to say about this

We had one of the best o-lines in the league last year and we sucked. I can't fathom why all of you think this is a good pick. We needed a receiver or an outside linebacker way more than we needed o-line.
Got your back.
lol fuck Stephen A. Smith, I want to see his reaction now that the Raiders drafted Amari Cooper.
Shelton is the scariest man in a dress I have ever seen. 
Yeah, I guess, I'm just confused by the pick. I was assuming ILB.
Haha I was hoping we'd see a team miss their pick.
> @ZSTACY_: Yikes. 

thats what the tweet said from what i can gather
Watch the Falcons take Gurley, holy shit...
Ohhh so edgy.. I bet you love Mayweather am I right? Lol
I wanted Gregory. :(
hahaha all the bears fans hoping jets take williams
Which means the backhalf will be a madhouse.
predicting gurley
ALL THE DEFENSIVE LINEMEN
Shhh, we all know Geno Smith is the future.
Bunch of ignorant people in this thread. 

Best. Pick. Ever. 
well you put Williams at 5 tech, Mo at 3, and Sheldon at 1 (or switch Mo and Sheldon) and put Coples at the 5 on the other side. thats possible
[INSERT SHANE RAY WEED JOKE HERE]
He's so handsome
Chip Kelly: "I WANT ALL THE QUARTERBACKS!!"
Detroit. The land of 1 Laken.
This isn't Oakland
Ok, Titans, you forced our hand.

You can have Tebow.
ITT: Poor Colts fans.
HURRY UP SF, I WANT TO TAKE A SHOWER
Guess I gotta start watching Rams games now Congrats, Todd Gurley
Haha! O okay that was better
A jags fan... here in Oregon..... and says "down here"? My dude, we are pretty damn north.
Schefter Reporting that Chip is actively trying to shop Nelson Agholor.
fuck...I really dont want williams in the division 
And Montcrief and Duron Carter.
I'm thinking Beasley 
Stop it. The Giants can only get so Ereck. 
Stacy is gonna be a Cowboy
Of course. Once it's announced by the commish you can. But not supposed to before that.
" you can't fire me! I quit ! "
Chris chambers was on the list there too 
Who's hating on that pick? More than anything else STL has done, that Gurley's pick's the one that's made me take notice and get worried about STL in the near future as an AZ fan.
Goodell should boo the Jets fans back
100% agree. I don't know what's so fantastic about the ending of that movie (aside from the song), but every seems to love it.
Knee immobilizer 
burned to the ground!
[What. No. It's revenge for the RG3 trade.](http://im.ezgif.com/tmp/ezgif-3865264143.gif)
I know. This irritates me.
Damn, that fountain looks badass with the Steeler diamond colors.
NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
"LOOK I AM WEARING THE JERSEY OF THE TEAM THAT JUST PICKED.

LOOK. LOOK AT IT."
Vic Beasley is easily the best athlete of the edge guys. Earlier they said the same about Fowler Jr. WHO IS THE BEST ATHLETE?!
i post way too much in here to welch on a bet :P
Right now in the Titans sub, people are mixed with emotions, mostly bad.
Mack snaps to Cam, who turns around and snaps it down the field to Manziel, who somehow managed to run 20 yards past everyone down field. 
the staced god is dead hes another one hit wonder, but for tre mason i thought he did okay
shaky cam fucking with all the drunk fans at home
It's 15, and SD got it from SF not the other way around, you had 1 job mods
They just drafted a guy in a dress
I see, thank you for the explanation!
Yes! Farmer make it so!
Woo! I think?
NO HES OURS
Oh, yeah, I totally agree with you that this wasn't a case that warranted their involvement, I was more correcting the above commenter that the NFLPA has nothing to do with prospective players, that's definitively territory they are supposed to have a presence in. 
We'll take the leftovers
Texans get a big DT from New England, New England gets a big DT from Texas. 
Trying to keep their QBs upright for once, good idea Arizona
***NOT SURE ON DUPREE, LOOKING LIKE IT WAS FALSE INFO***
i know...we didn't even screw over the Browns
Unfortunately still joined by Chip.
Rams: Torn ACL? That's our guy
Shaq!
this guy makes me so happy. I don't care if I look like a dweeb when I'm old if I get to enjoy my NFL/CFB teams at that age. I will probably look similarly clueless with my 3D printing Holocamerascope.
Yeah, Chip would never draft someone from Washington.
Go back to coaching college
They're booing Goodell. 
We're fucking crazy
So what you became a fan like a year ago? 
Acc Pac 10 sec. ..good spread so far
already running late... nice
Yes! Exactly who I was hoping for/expecting us to take.
Holy crap he went top 10 after tearing his ACL, I can only imagine where he would have gone if he would have stayed healthy
Oh ok, did not know that, watching the draft with the sound off haha. Thanks for the heads up.
touche
You left in Cooper.
These interviews are so mindless.
Except facing Smith/Peters. Have fun with that :)
honestly i would not be surprised to see the bucs make the playoffs this year
If that is true Chip is insane. 
OH GOD HERE WE GO FELLAS
Roger Goodell realizing the name he was about to pronounce "....SHIT."

inb4 Cedric Marioto
Reminds you of Sherm? Yeah like 3 inches shorter lol.
White was taken for his tackling skills. No more pick 6s Chicago.
How far will we go until we see a trade?
Bucs just want to continue the Sapp tradition.
Alright, time for my poop break. Wish me luck everyone.
Can you imagine if Waynes fell to us? I would fucking explode
It's done. https://twitter.com/jwyattsports/status/593931905269166081
Bose must be pissed that Mariota was using his Dre beats for that phone call
Where the hell is this "popup notifications" checkbox..
I hope you have something nearby to staunch the wound so you don't bleed out. You planning to reconnect it or just leave it off as a reminder?
I told you guys
Yep, more defense. That's what we need.....
we will see when he throws for 900 yards in the super bowl this year and you're at home watching Paul Blart 2
That face lol
Wow they gave up a lot 
Copper is a solid conductor of electricity 
He dipped in production, but hopefully that gets solved 
Yeah, I'm indifferent about the pick, but to trade up just a couple of spots for a rb in the middle of the first doesn't seem like the best move.
Now he has
Motha Fuckas act like they forgot about Tre
what makes you think that?
I swear I thought the rule was if you didn't make your pick in the allotted time you were skipped by the next team up.
Aw FUCK 
yup
Single malt and Cubans for sure. 
I LAUGHED WHEN IT HAPPENED! 
 
Is it likely we get someone to rotate specifically with Jones? I don't remember Chandler or Rob switching sides of the field ever, or was that just lack of depth?
I bet they're gonna trade Mariota
Man 130 heart rate for that. 
can they hurry the fuck up please?
Sploosh!

At this rate, he can have Jesus and his 12 Apostles, plus Judas.
Toms gonna die
Because we didn't fuck up?
HAHAHA WHAT UP MR NO DICK
Is this guy good? I know nothing about him
The only reason I wanted Jones is because I didn't want him to make to damed Dallas.
To be more pragmatic about it, yes. Most mocks had him going in the early to mid 2nd round. On the other hand, pretty much everyone had him as a steal wherever he went in the 2nd round. If he was a tackle, he easily would have been projected 1st round, but guards aren't valued as highly. He has the talent of a 1st rounder though.
Gotta be the Patriots. They had no business nabbing one of the best DTs in the draft at #32. Colts were insane for not getting Brown, he fell right into Grigson's lap.
\- Jay Cutler
Maybe, but I don't think it is that short. Mason looked good against bad teams and good teams crushed him. I know the Rams had offensive line struggles, but clearly they think Gurley is a beast. I didn't expect this pick, but I get it. I don't think the leash is short, he would have to play really bad for him to lose significant playing time. I feel like Rams fans over inflate our RB talent. Stacy carried too much extra weight, Cunningham is a 3rd down pass catcher, and Mason, who I like, might not be able to be as physical for a long period of time. 

The 2 linemen they wanted were off the board, Parker didn't make sense, there was no defensive linemen that were highly regarded and Waynes would be dumb. The Rams could maybe use a safety/corner, but Waynes to me will not be that much of an upgrade. They took best player available and if he stays healthy he should be good with the Rams. 

Boom or bust pick to me. At #10 I expect a great RB or just another RB that we don't need.
[Here you go](http://i.imgur.com/cQStf1A.jpg)
Bold prediction: The Seahawks, not wanting to sign a record contract, trade Wilson to the Titans for number 2.
3/5 of the line has to be signed and drafted first.
TDs suit is a thing of beauty.
Gurley's pretty special, he would have gone top 5 had he been healthy.
Hence my skepticism.
I dont think theres gonna be a trade. They want too much.
Des he pump gas as well as Alshon?
but...but...tre mason
So hey, tell me about your dead brother!
[Maybe this is why?](https://twitter.com/shalisemyoung/status/593971620953366528) I did link Shalise, so I assume she has some idea of what's going on.
@RapSheet: One reason why Leonard Williams has slipped is some teams flagged him with a shoulder (labrum) issue. Not all teams. But some in Top 10.
Kiper 4/9, Mayock 4/9

So proud to have Danny Shelton represent UDub
Washington sure has a lot of first round talent for not being an excellent team...
I'm sure everyone there are close family and friends
Damn! I was really hoping the Dolphins would move up for him. Great fucking pick for Bears
Did Joel die or something?
Trade bait.
Good feeling Pittsburgh's gonna go with Bud.
I don't like it, but I don't blame them.
Pick was in fast.. Better go to commercial 
hes a douche 
hahahah what is this from
Cool, that sounds like really interesting work. 
Thanks a lot Titans for ruining everyone's who's going to trade for #2 pick 

Most irrelevant franchise 
remember that time he got punched in the face by a dumbass LSU-hating drunk? good times
THERE ARE TWO SEPARATE TUBES. IT CAN HAPPEN. DRAFT SAFE.
I bet they take Williams and just not mess around
Fullback...
That's what I am working through in my head. Our O line just desperately needs some major gaps filled. I'm just being a scaredy cat. 
I don't think the Browns need a RB. Crowell and West looked pretty good last year.
The Bears suck
But we got the best one in the entire thing
I have no idea who I want the Rams to get! The suspense!!!
This was the worst case scenario for him. I do not trust Wisenhunt with QB's period. 
I was thinking Rolling Stones actually, but maybe them as well. 
Nah. 4-1-6 defense should absolutely be the play.


Williams and Richardson at DE, Wilkerson and Harrison at DT. Harris or Demario at LB, and then 4 corners with the 2 safeties. Killer fucking defense, god.
Panthers took Shaq 
Why wouldn't we pick Malcolm Brown? Is there a scheme difference?
Do it Rick.
Sweeeeeeep
WHAT ARE WE DOING TO DO
Send that beauty to the Texans 
> 5-2

Fuck that, more like 5-6. With that 5, you only need DBs.
Guys, he isn't asking. He posted an article explaining it.
I think they try to not be as negative on draft day
All right!
Denver trade up with the Lions!
Jets fans have finally discovered the rule of two. Fuck. 
http://mashable.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/surpirsed-baby.gif
I guess they thought Houston was gonna get him? Not sure about this one. 
He most likely will steal less crab legs than Winston.
The Eagles just got a lot more time tp get Mariota 
If you post something before the pick is announced then you will get banned.

IE from twitter, etc.
so capital, so angry
I think the Titans should have taken that, tbh. Depends on the players, of course. But 4 for 1 is something you do if you can.
My.... brother.... is.... suspended.... and.... I.... have to.... feed.... the family.... now.
Bad show! 
4-WIDE ALL DAY BABY!!!!
4th this year, 5th next year
Your secondary is going to kick some ass next season. Although I'm not sure about the safety next to Smith. 
He is really very bad at that job he has. 
Probably definitely
Met has won as many games as Mariota has in the NFL. he's not relevant enough to start a dumpster fire. 
Shit my stream just got pulled...
Philly having their draft party in the subway corridor . . .
Really murdered the competiton.
I'm 6 beer's In and ready
You just earned yourself a pirates curse.
Thank you Skins for passing on Williams
Oh, Rams.
How do you mispronounce Mariota when youre commish? come on roger
sad for him considering you have one of the only OC's that will utilize him correctly
So uh this new Mission Impossible looks....well....it just looks awesome
Jay cutler just creamed his pants 
More play than Manziel.
Really worked out for both teams. I think Lions got a solid deal out of it too
So the Ravens love drafting speed WRs with dreds and have shit hands. 
Marioto??
Defense pls, MLB or CB
Man Carlito has been bulking up
He sounds way baked.
>I mean, Slick Rick said in a press conference that he wanted to.

I don't know if this is an argument for or against a trade, but either way, I agree.
I met the comic that played the shop teacher that cut off his thumb. He's part of the reason I started doing standup. After seeing him at Acme I got to just talk comedy with him for about a half hour. 
Fuck you random Twitter person for making my heart jump.
Aw Dick Butkus likes Pinterest, guys!
Teams have a certain amount of time to make their selection or trade away their pick. In the first round of the NFL draft, it's 10 minutes. Everyone else must wait. Handing in the pick is just making the selection and officially letting the league know. Once the pick is in, the next team goes on the clock. If a team doesn't make their pick in time, they can make the pick at any time but the team currently on the clock can make their pick before them
"No one can stop this kid, except his ACL injury!"

&#3232;_&#3232;
So Gruden is there to just talk shit? Is that right?
FREE OF CHARGE!
thx bby
That's why I smother mine.
Damn, this made it much harder for us to get a WR
Grigson is Literally retarded
Seriously? 
Our secondary definitely needs the help, but would have been nice to get Malcolm Brown or Randy Gregory here. I can't say I don't like the pick, but I'm not in love with it.
Vikings CB Trae Waynes held QBs to a 21.9 passer rating on throws 20+ yards in the air 

Per PFF
TRADE HYPE DONT DISAPPOINT ME 
WOOOOOOO
picks get leaked because GOODELL TAKES FOREVER. I saw the jags pick was fowler 7 minutes ago 
Kevin White has the SHITTIEST little beard thing. Fucking shave that, you look like you are in Mudhoney circa 1991.
this is like me drafting in Madden...I really needed something smart and useful. Like linebacker or a DT/DE...but fuck it why do I care, I'm going to have more fun playing offense, let's take the fast fucker who I can bomb Hail Marys to.
Won two free beers guessing the dolphins, bears, and colts would all take WRs despite not really needing them
Who was the guy that said earlier today that the Jets were going to pass on him?
Hey Oringe!
A small deal of 3 1st rounders. 
In 2007 Keyshawn Johnson was announcing, we drafted Dwayne Jarrett and he was very support talking about how he couldn't wait to mentor him. We totally cut him not very long after. 
32 isn't it?
The Jets logo is black. Did they trade?
I can copy-paste his comment if you think that makes it more legitimate.
That makes sense. I didn't see the flag. But still, that whole stand there and talk to the receiver after an interception while the play is still live? Good way to get the shit tackled out of you in the NFL. 
Get off twitter then....
No worries, my dad and I do the same.
Lol thank God
Yeah they said it was Samoan tradition
And the Eagles have also taken Marcus Mariota. A dance-off will ensue after these messages
Not really.
> implying the Titans would use a FB with Mariota on the team
NFL Network is showing nothing, no highlights or anything. This is awful coverage, just truly fucking awful coverage. Going to ESPN now who i hear is showing highlights of every player
No shit they've been talking about it incessantly. 
Guys I think the "commercial free" thing was only till 9.
"14 PICKS INTO THIS DRAFT AND I'VE DECIDED THAT IT SUCKS"

-- You
Aww shit, Houston just drafted Bruno Mars' doppelganger!
Rich Eisen remix
Breaking: Philadelphia acquires the #2 overall pick in exchange for the Phillies 
I'd rather be watching my team in February than in late April 
God i hate the titans 
It's gotta be Amari Cooper...right?
Tennessee why are you so fucking stupid 
And the world is silent with shock! 
It's not. I hate my job. I'm like begging anyone else to hire me now. 
Marcus Marioto! 
Except for the heart attacks every other game
Flair up!
It's in the post. Number 4
David Wilson? 
Love this guy already, he sounded phenomenal and only wish the best to him
I think Goodell is blushing.
It feels like teams like Jaguars always get snubbed by networks going to commercial.
STRAP IN FOLKS THE CRAZY TRAIN IS LEAVING THE STATION
Dem boos
how did Udub have like 5 first round draft picks but be so horrible.
There are 3 certainties in life:

Death, taxes, and Manningface
Vic, meet Andrus. Andrus, Vic. You'll be seeing a lot of each other.
You could say that about every rookie player in the NFL next year
He's still a work in progress. He was very raw coming in so I'm not surprised it's taking him a few years. Our main problem was the Geno Atkins injury. Getting Michael Johnson back will help a lot with the pass rush this year. 
Booooo
White looks pissed
He's a specimen. Ran a 4.56 40 & posted a 37" vert at 245 lbs.
Id pay to see a Chip Kelly live cam
Honestly, this too was the first thing I noticed. Damn she fine
London's team. I wonder how many times he can say London in one segment. 
Dude that ad campaign has been on for months..
Your pick is great b/c you can replace Polumbo. This is definitely not a pick for a LT (Trent Williams is excellent)
WOOOOOOO LETS GO 
MELVIN GORDON!!!!!
Hey, did you know Jimmy Graham played basketball?
Great pick. Seems like Arians is trying to fix his biggest weakness by nabbing the best offensive linemen he can get. Humphries might be my favorite OT prospect in this draft; I think he'll do a great job for you guys. Congrats. I was hoping he would fall to the Titans at 33.
49ers pick Armstead
Marcus Marioto? 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand Commercial
lmfao one of my favorite scenes out of any movie right here
Vikings pick was in. You'll probably hear a little *rawr rawr, rawr* action when we're up. 
Alright. Expect it in the Cowboys sub soon, I'll tag you so you don't miss it
Williams was never supposed to get to Raiders. They had their minds set on Cooper and stuck to it. I can respect that.
...annnd that's how you squash a negative joke about yourself everybody.
Fuck, I wanted Peat
Dyslexia?
I'd edit that out. Technically I think that's doxxing
Especially when you have the best center in the league already.
Broncos going hard for that D!
KING OF THE NORTH!!
We do have a few picks to use!!
Well ok...
THANKS :D

EDIT: CAN SOMEBODY TELL ME WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?
we had one of the best o-lines for a little under half the year. When Mack went down the entire line went to shit, run game went to shit, and everything snowballed from that. was a smart pick, especially if Mack leaves at the end of the year, we've got a stud replacement waiting in the wings already.

no receivers left on the board that are worth it at 19 still, as for OLB we could've gone that way but seems the FO has their sights set on someone else in a later round or bringing in some UDFA's for camp. we shall see.
Lol @ all the overreactions. Yes, Williams was practically lobbying for Oakland to draft him but the FO has seen much more tape than I'll ever watch and went with a potential #1 WR in Cooper, which we desperately have needed for years. I'll save judgement until the rookies see the field. Welcome to Oakland, Coop.
Awful Awful Awful pick
Yes, eventually. From what it seems, he'll most likely play safety first, which is a need right now, and will transition to LB once Thomas Davis retires. 
+100 points to KC for the cute baby.
Was hoping Randall would somehow make it to 2:3
Everyone has a plan until they drink a 12 pack. 
finally a trade!
Put the mic up to his face for fucks sake.
DONT DO IT TO ME, TITANS. DONT DO IT.
they look like they'd be Niners alts and ours look like they could be Raiders ones. 
Lmao marioto. Guess Ted Wells didn't give him the right pronunciation.
He'll be a nickel corner
Zach Mettenberger: Shitlord at large!
Apparently yes.
Williams to the bears dang
They are taking Flowers. 
[**@ChrisHarrisJr**](https://twitter.com/ChrisHarrisJr/)

> [2015-05-01 00:34 UTC](https://twitter.com/ChrisHarrisJr/status/593936575085481984)

> Lol I knew them boys was gone get WR a for me

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

It's already dead. 
They're learning... Adapting..
You sure about that?
I really like that pick, seems like a great guy
All of the Raiders fans that laughed at the Titans for not picking Leonard Williams must be crying. 
Fuck yeah
Oh boy. 
Kevin Love
Two in the first round.
Rapoport said Vikings are taking calls for a trade, 3 teams interested.
Bruh just shut up. You're a known troll on our subreddit. More than half the time you have no idea what you're talking about
Forgetting something?
OMG, a woman is being killed. And people are just standing around clapping. 
.... They already have good RBs....
I'm surprised the Saints didn't select a defensive player
I LOVE IT
Fuck? 
:( im sorry for your loss 
Very very smart pick. Raiders fans wont be disappointed, i'm very high on this guy
I wanted Malcolm Brown :(
WTF is it? How did it come to be?
If Williams falls to the Bears...
Highlights https://youtu.be/RZw572f5EKU
NFC team that I like just below the Browns. Wait, are you a real live Titans fan? Not some kind of bot?
I see him at guard but there's no reason not to try him at tackle.
Have fun, Chiefs. - UW
They've probably known for weeks.
Tampa Bay loves the Lighting but its a football town at the end of the day. Also Stamkos isn't that well known outside of hockey circles.
Said it on the Eagles' sub. Watch #19. Titans aren't happy with keeping Mariota and might get cold feet sooner or later.
It hurts a bit passing on Williams, but I can't be mad at all with Cooper. I was lower on him than most, but dude is in a great opportunity to come in and deliver from day one.
Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiits TIME! 
Thank you Roger Goodool
Would've liked to see him anchor a D for years a la Ngata or a Wilfork but I think he's a good BPA pick. 
Believe in yourself, man. A friend of mine tore her acl playing soccer in highschool and she's playing for her college right now. Stick with it and I'm sure you'll pull through.
I'll take one Williams, please.
I don't watch enough Cowboys games. Why didn't he pan out? I remember being high on him his last season at LSU.
Oooooooooo not Leonard Williams!
SO SURPRISED
With the 17th pick of the 2015 NFL Draft the San Francisco 49ers re-select Chris Borland
[**@shalisemyoung**](https://twitter.com/shalisemyoung/)

> [2015-05-01 02:54 UTC](https://twitter.com/shalisemyoung/status/593971620953366528)

> so NFL doesn't want reporters to tip picks, but the broadcast is 2-3 picks behind??? that's ridiculous

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Ban
i just got so excited finally get another speed WR
Check out Beasley's grill!

Fire emojis right there.
Congrats on your defense Jets. 

It's a shame about your offense though. 
Here comes the destruction of Mariota.
STL is to RBs as Cleveland is to QBs
Bucs fans like me are just at peace with how bad we've been. It was mostly a rub on Muschump (Gator here). I love Fowler, I like Bortles, the Jags are OK unless we are playing each other.
OH SHIT, WHO WE GETTING. MELVIN GORDON?!
They might be moving Wilk
Gotta imagine the Redskins are running their next pick up.
My comment was innocent and you killed it :( I didn't say he did. 
Yeah he's also not locked up long term, and the team fell apart when he went down last year. Long term insurance at center and the guy can also play RG.
Tight spiral though.
He comes from a long line of successful FSU quarterbacks, like EJ Manuel and Christian Ponder.
Just gonna point out that most people thought KB13 was a bad pick last year too. 
One Kendricks, please.
These salty Eagles fans are the best.
wow -1 real fast have an upvote
So did I. Never talked to the guy cause he was a year older but still this is very exciting.
HaHa and Burnett already make a great pair.
He wishes he was TY Hilton lol

All the tiny speed WRs
I was hoping we would get someone else and stick with Mett, but now that I've seen quotes like

> What a waste of talent going to such a shit franchise

and

> Aaaaand his career is over.

and

> Over under on his years in the NFL now that he's at a QB killing franchise? I give him 6 years, 3 with the Titans

and

> How the fuck do you turn down that trade offer? Especially when you have like 1 dude that is talented on your roster.

> Because they are a shit franchise. They will continue to be irrelevant

I just think it's hilarious and want nothing more than to have a better record than the Eagles next year.
How many receivers do you fucking have?
Lol at all the redditors saying he was gone with the 2nd pick
Been working on it, thanks
Bud 
Not anymore...
THANK YOU SO FUCKING MUCH CHICAGO
Congrats dude
of course Shelton is Boomer's favorite player lol
Yeah...the kicker of Drew Brees' ass.
I know I just love his name
Look at it this way, we have Cox, Kendricks, Boykin, our first this and next year. Still depressed?
Here we fucking go.
If you say so
WHAT?!? over williams? That's shocking
Man, as a Nebraska fan......damnit Randy.
I know, it's taking so long for all these picks to come in, it pretty awesome!!!!! As in ESPN/NFLN
He's mot even wearing pants
Yeah, I was thinking they might go RB too, but I'm not too familiar with the Ram's RB situation. Offensive skill position in general isn't a bad choice for the Rams I think.
Fuck this...tell me.why I should be happy about this
By the laws of the internet, I think you just signed a legally binding contract to rip your dick off. RIP /u/edwardfortehands's penis
Well looks like Gregory to Raiders!
Just followed him!
Kevin White has godawful teeth. Nice guy though
Post interesting news pls can't watch TV at work: (
Can we laugh at the Browns even though Shelton seems like a pretty good pick?
There's your wish.
[Find answers here](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34ha3j/why_are_the_titans_selecting_ahead_of_the_bucs_in/)
Some one tell the colts the need a decent defense to go with that great neck beared...its fucking Peyton manning years all over again. "Great offense lets pray for our defense."
I am constantly shocked by Grigson. Every move he makes has me thinking he has to be the worst GM in the league yet they keep on winning. What does he have to do to finally ruin them?
So is Indy going to go another year with rag tag and no bodies on their defense? 
ASU Grad and I don't hate the Packers! I can support this.
Only ways for this to stop are:

1) Bradford plays amazingly well 
2) Chip Kelly is no longer coach of the Eagles 
3) Mariota suffers a career ending injury 

Even than, there will always be the "what ifs"
*Malcom, but yes.
Vikings draft party looks fucking awesome.
Meanwhile i'm sitting alone at 3 am. in Denmark.
It's amazing that when I try to stream it from ESPNs website it just keeps taking a shit and not working. Yet illegal streams are high quality and work just fine. Idiotic.
Would be hilarious if Titans wait too long for a trade and runs out of time.
Got that one right, Goodell!
they need defense or o-line more, could be a committee at rb though if they draft gurley i wouldn't be surprised 
Every game the Jets play is going to have a final score of 6-3.

That defense is just filthy, though.
WHAT IS HAPPENING.
ehhh. That's why they're the Jags.
Bud Dupree is still on the board right? I don't care how many Browns fans think they don't need an OLB, that's who I would take here.
A read option QB from the pacific northwest going to Tennessee? How could this end poorly?
They can sit on him until the lowest pick in the best offer they have. Trying to get better in between.

Or hell, another team can draft for them and totally keep a trade secret until as long as they want.
ILB, CB/ S i suppose (we have a lot of hybrids)
Just say Nevaduh. The "a" is pronounced like you would in "val." That's I live in norcal and every single person I've encountered from NY pronounce it Oregawn. 
Williams falling? Wow
JYOM. 
Chips shoe is hangin on a power line
I'm shocked!
Probably do the same shit he always does.

Hover around above average, make some big plays, throw a lot of stupid picks, fumble the ball, get bitched about a lot.

I don't know why everyone always thinks it's going to be more extreme in any direction than that. I'm more interested in what the team as a whole will do
Apparently all the teams have made their picks...now we just have to wait for the NFL to stop milking commercials. 
Vince jr right there. 
So you traded down how was it :D
Not sre if youve been told but Alex Flannagan in in San Diego 
Shane Ray can finally afford to.
Yeah but Charles Barkley thinks they arent black enough
Thank fuck they're booing him, I was worried Chicago would screw it up. 
Underrated if you ask me.
Randy Gregory might fall to us, that's exciting. Jaelen Collins and Jaelen Strong are also on the board. 
No one went to his birthday party.
LOL yes. 
Amendola as Dewey
No their 1st was included
Raiders are happy now
So we get a choice of Brown or Gregory? Lol jk. Probably some no name OL.
Notice how I left Darren Sharper out of the mix...
Good player. Did the jets really need him tho?
This has to be it, or they were worried about San Francisco taking Gordon. I can't imagine Houston was the problem here.

The picks given to move up 2, even from 17 to 15, sounds like some bids were going in and SD came out on top.
Fuck... Now redskins get Williams
"Lol we were gonna cut you anyways!"
OMG YES!
\#FirstPlaceProblems
(-; ^da^bulls

Really? The Jets probably have the best dline in the league now.
C'mon Bucs, you know you want to take a punter for your first pick. 
"Surprisingly for a big man like this, he's an academic All American"

Such a biased thing to say. 
I don't know what's worse: that coaches still think the Tampa 2 is a good defense, or that teams still give those coaches jobs. 
Don't need to ever take a WR that high

fact

if he has a great season, good for him. fact still remains
The Jets select *BOOOOOOOOOOOOO*
Fuck that's a disappointment.
you fuck off 
Yep they can. The chargers chose Eli and traded him about an hour later for Rivers+a 1st and 3rd iirc. 
he's so well spoken
Don't worry by the end of the darft we will have traded our 4th,5th,6th, and 7th round pick for the next 20 years to get Marioto.
"I'm going to Tampa!"
who needs an offensive line anyway

ugh come on rams

rams are my nfc team 
You don't take down a HOF jersey just becuase of a couple of hookers.
Never underestimate the Lions
Wth camera guy? Shaky cam!
We still have gym rats.
Or just let him fall to them? Not a single ILB taken yet.
Literally the first time in my life I have heard that.
Wow, that is early but goddamn he is good
Fullback 
I wish they took Brown, but this is a good one too. I think Jerry just hates Texas
I'm tired of talking about it bitch, I'm ready to go!
And the Dolphins, and Bills
Jets gonna take blarcus blariota 
It was like her second sentence "today is the anniversary of your brothers death how does that make you feel" or some shit. It was pretty bad, like it didn't even come off well 
I love it. AC/DC baby!
Yessssssss!!!
"Only I, the true king-god of football, decide how things are pronounced!"
Agholor
And the Titans pick Mariota. Get fucked Chip Kelly
WOOOOO first pick baby !
*as I caressed his hair helmet*
He's probably at taco bell barely finding out there was a draft 
[Well, we had to cover our ass if Alex Mack bails on us.](http://replygif.net/i/1397.gif) Not a sexy pick, but smart. Let's fill the trenches with warriors!
Besides the guy calling himself "Money" this alt. NFLN stream isnt bad and the brunette is really cute
[Neigh!](www.youtube.com/watch?v=L46iCN6MBFM)
DAMN! Now the draft is getting really shaken up. 
reggie mckenzie...the world is yours...whatcha gonna do with it?
Defense wins championships. 
I think you're valuing Manny Ramirez a bit too high here. Ray is a great pick and losing Manny in a new zone-blocking system is great for Denver 
Look how happy he is!
....why? Unless they don't expect Moncrief or Johnson to be reliable.
Why would they do that? Doesn't make sense.
Put a buncha marbles in your mouth and say it. That's how. 
Gif request
Well, that was a lot of hype for nothing.
You know Grigson has a boner right now.
Maybe if this draft flies by they'll realize next year that the first two rounds should be on day one. 
Prolly hasn't slept this week. But yeah. 
"I'm just turnt up right now man" LMAO
manny is getting old this guy will help us for the future.
Does he have question marks? Yeah. But who doesn't?! Most "draft experts" compare him to Luck so I'm not gonna complain. If an old school guy like Lovie and the Glazers are ok with drafting him then I am too. Plus we have never had a franchise QB. Let's go Bucs! I want to get to .500!
Damn Leonard 
Ask him if he has any dead relatives. 
So wait, how much time does each team get to make their pick this year?

Edit: Man, that's a long time.
When I see a player tear up like that, i know the game means a lot to them.
free, but we don't get the real NFL network crew. who are these buck ass commentators?
you have tebow 
What if the Bucs, wanting to be fair, decided not to start thinking about their pick until right now.
He talks with the gusto of a man holding and flinging around a large meatball sandwich.
The elusive 15 technique
So they picked an OLB who is under sized. 

Yup
They're not used to drafting in the 1st round anymore
This .gif. every day
Yeah but he plays with *class* 
Please don't let him go to the Jets. That would be just awful.
Well stop having good QBs!
And we think they're overpaid.
yea, i meant to quote one of the nfl network guys saying that but i forgot to put the quotes
If Greg Robinson pans out - either at guard or tackle - watch the fuck out.
Giants were more linked to Flowers than Scherff pre-draft in terms of team rumors not mock drafts.
The trade was great, not sure about the pick but the trade was great. 
Mizzou alum/fan here. Ya'll just got a hell of a player who's gonna work his ass off for you. Yeah, he made a dumbass mistake but I know some of your vets will help him keep on the straight and narrow, and I think he'll be a beast in the league.
Who knows, neither of us were in the draft room and knows what went when on behind the scenes.
Pick is in... it has to be White, right?
[What did the Titans turn down from the #Eagles? Reportedly, two 1st rounders, a 3rd rounder, Fletcher Cox, Boykin, Kendricks and more. Wow.](https://twitter.com/RobTornoe/status/593947078021279744?lang=en)

LOL. What a dumb offer by Kelly, and what a dumb rejection by the Titans.
There are two kinds of Chicago pizza anyway. And both are better than New York style
Too late!
Seen this about 10 times already
I'm nervous, we didn't trade down...
Other side of the Field?
What was that with the fans?
Oline or TE
COntroversial opinion: Good pick
That's a scary defense
Mayock had him as the #1 safety 
Aww, he's crying
I live in Indy and everybody is like...What. The. Fuck.
The fuck?
You're getting downvoted, but you're speaking truth. Also I'm salty we missed out on Williams.
Unexpected! Good choice
Yep and they just picked him. Raiders are so predictable haha
Something something weed
Jags select Justin Manton, K, Louisiana Monroe
Bruce Irvin
Umm if Miami trades up for Williams? Suh + Williams?
How are we the worst team in the division?
EDIT: Wow guys I'm not saying last year, I'm saying as of today. We actually have a QB now. We're better than the niners
One
WINSTON! It's the right fit, happy for Bucs fans.
Omg Oakland take Cooper
Too many drops for my liking
Someone's trolling.
[Pete Carroll just posted something about the 1st round on Twitter](https://twitter.com/PeteCarroll/status/593927981153656832). Are the Seahawks trading up? Apparently the pick grew up in North Carolina?
Dude, you just got a top 10 prospect because of a little pot. Be happy and smoke some weed.
Hey look, we did a thing!
As a Minnesota fan I concur
ITT: hurrrr durrrrr.......weed
I think with all the Free Agency craziness we have angered the Draft Gods. 
I think you missed his sarcasm
I love the Bucs logo

I mean we could always use D-line 
"Here's why you shouldn't take an RB in the first..... Russell Wilson threw a pick in the superbowl."
Didn't Whitworth dare the Bengals to take a LT this draft?
Jones
Kam chancellor is 3 inches taller and 10 pounds heavier though. And faster. 
this was his first down year. he was unhealthy with a reoccuring high ankle sprain a few years ago. he had 2 bad seasons then injury wise. since he has been healthy, but he has had drops which are not like him. could be the rotation of qbs tho or a bunch of things.

he can do it for a while tho hes athletic. im just saying i dont think hes really replacing wayne in the franchise WR sense.
There was waaaaaaaaaaaaaay more mystery surrounding where he would go. Jameis was always gonna be a Buc, while Mariota was tied to the Titans, Eagles, Jets, Browns, Chargers and Bears.
Sexy ass suit 
Lol wut 
The biggest question is can Winston bring a bigger enough fire extinguisher to put out the dumpster fire that is Tampa Bay.
Thanks man! 

After the Patriots trade their pick I'll watch. 

Armin. 
Fuck....that's not a good pick for the Saints. We needed a pass rusher over a tackle.
GOTTA GET THAT COMMERCIAL TIME IN YO
I'm not gonna try to argue with people about the reach or not. BUT, could you think of two better linebackers for him to learn under than Thomas Davis and Luke Kuechly? He's got all the right guys around him to succeed.
>but did not have much production or impact

I would argue that he did, but not nearly as much as he should have for his ceiling.
Charlotte Hornets colors
Well I assume their head coach who cant formulate sentences is in there, and thus, I don't blame there. Who would want to be in the same room as that guy?
Not a wide receiver worth taking with the 18th pick of the draft.
COMMENCE THE STABBINGS
Ah, I was just comparing their latest mocks. It's actually pretty close, just seems like McShay is closer
That Peters highlight reel is impressive. *damn*
We've done it pretty much every year. It also seems like we have drafted a d lineman every year
I bet he celebrates at Longhorn tonight
Honored to be the Raiders' backup punter/waterboy
Oh my bad. 
Good for you Ray, doing actually important things. 
Good thing there are other players in the draft that we could have picked then.

We had needs coming into the draft at C/OG, OLB, SS, RB, WR, DL
He seems a little confused about 4th round being more important.
Any given draft day?
Well both Tight Ends were available, so maybe they took a risk based solely on that fact. Also, teams are always interested in moving around. But it's not up to one team. One team has to be interested in moving up, one interested in moving back, and most importantly - They need to agree on the terms. If anybody from 25-30 thinks that a fourth rounder isn't enough it falls apart. It's not that nobody was interested it was that two teams were not interested based on what they'd have to give up
Sounds like he will play nickel corner. 
"look good play good"
Hmm interesting. I thought Perriman for sure 
Smart money says Bills but crazy money is split between Chicago or San Diego for me.
COME ON TITANS DO SOMETHING CRAZY
WE HAVE THEM BOTH.
If we go two offensive picks in the first round I'm going to hang myself. It better be a pass rusher or a mlb. 
No wonder the titans selected marioto instead of mariota
YOU STOP THAT RIGHT NOW
I mean, you never know what they're thinking, but I don't like Gordon as our pick. We've got more important needs.
Thats weird since they already have speed receivers in Hilton and Moncrief. 
http://i.imgur.com/U7Ghu2s.gif
Welcome to the Bears Kevin White!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"The Cardinals have traded with the Vikings..."

Can you imagine?
this isnt the 1800s where 2 in 8 kids make it past childhood
Great pick. Could have possibly been the highest rated receiver in the draft if he wasn't injured for half of last season.
Lol Mo
FUCK NO
Believe it. Lots of these guys go in the first and it has nothing to do with production. He is a physical specimen and a leader. Doesn't have to start right away, but will contribute. Worst comes to worst we throw him at safety in a couple years. I like the pick because I don't think he will bust. He has a high floor. 
Lol okay
Tomorrow?
i agree
Where's the action? We're half way through the draft and my penis is still limp.

I am disappoint.
Showing promise means more than a 6th round pick now though.

3rd-4th seem fair after showing he could be a possible starter?
Lol Gurley was NOT gonna fall to 23
did not see him sliding to 6
Name seriously sounds like it belongs to a senator from North Carolina.
Yeah that's going to be a interesting one.
For everyone that is wondering why the Panthers selected a linebacker...that's what picking BPA is all about. You don't just look at immediate needs but you look for the player that's going to come in an make an impact immediately. I'm pretty sure the Panthers' committee is under the impression that any OT taken from that point was going to be a project and not a starter...so thinking that taking one to fill a need is backwards logic.

I'm sure the Panthers could have selected WR here, but probably consider the talent pool left still deep enough to wait. From what's being said about Thompson, he's a fantastic athlete and is versatile enough to play linebacker or safety. Davis and Harper are in their twilight, so why not groom someone who's going to be a beast and in his prime when these two call it quits?
Don't question it. Just BOOOOO
Fun fact: He's Pam's nephew.
Couldn't have they got him at the 3rd?
Ray did something stupid days before draft day that wouldn't drug test. Gregory knew that test was coming for months. 

Edit: That being said I still hope we get him.
Note that it wasn't an offensive lineman pick. And remember who we got with our #6 pick. They lose Brady; we lose... Smith.
There are two things I like about this guy

1. He's a physical freak of nature

2. He's smart as fuck

That is the complete opposite of Morris Claiborne. At least this guy is smart enough to see what's happening and athletic enough to do something about it. 
Start a support group with Washington
Based Farmer senpai can u trade up for Williams 
Boner
Ah, the old reddit Ogbuehoo. 
Great pick, he'll start for the Chargers.
Wasn't even that hungry anyways...
DAE Los Angeles Chargers?
Really talented. Got into it with coaches, had a realllllly stupid personal foul, and yucked it up on the sidelines when we were getting blown out. I wish him the best, but I was glad to see him gone at that point. With some his discipline, he'll be a great NFL CB. Go Dawgs....
[Sheldon Bear Hugs Goodell](http://gfycat.com/WhirlwindTastyAmericanbittern)
Why did they trade up?
http://espn.go.com/nba/playoffs/2015/story/_/id/12788376/houston-rockets-fire-social-media-manager-chad-shanks-day-tweet
You are deciding the fate of your franchise's future. You will take all the time you have available to discuss any trades that anyone offers you.
Well there is that RB everyone was wondering about.

Interesting.
Wow, Dante Fowler
They dip skoal because they can't pronounce Copenhagen 
So what are we getting in Ramirez, Broncos fans?
https://mobile.twitter.com/MySportsUpdate/tweets
And here I am hoping for a miracle at #32
Already sounds high
But we need someone right away who can contribute. Our window is small since Brees is getting up in age.
Why stay away from Ybor? I only visited there once during the day and was thinking about coming back for a night out.
http://gfycat.com/JauntySilverFrigatebird
Stop talking about shoes, I didn't know I was suddenly watching E! red carpet coverage.
That's an anti-plunderist statement and on behalf of all pirate peoples everywhere I demand you retract your previous statement at once! Good day sir.
Claiborne 2.0 /s
Beer is cold, LETS DO THIS SON!
if the falcons dont take beasley im going to rage
Texans must really have liked whoever it is. Or someone (Cowboys?) might have had a trade lined up with Houston.
Holy shit, I just said I'd write a poem if the Cardinals draft a CB, you guys need a CB with Pol retiring.
Division rivals?
Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck
"What's an offense?" - Todd Bowles 
Jets must be trading
Holy fuck that's awesome! Go Bears!
>Wow

SCHEFTER, CALM THE FUCK DOWN
Dorsett obviously will stop Blount or Gray next year /s
There's some hardcore hairspray in that fuckin room
No way Ozzie passes on Randy Gregory right?
Ugh I hate this pick.
The trade-up occurred because the Texans had some definite interest in him and could have taken him at 16. We needed a good back like Gordon, so we pulled that trade with SF. 
lol the Vikings horn in Chicago
Come on... Leonard!
get this out of here. bullshit article
WOW...
Ugh. Do I want Brown or Collins?
someone tell me what was wrong with tre mason
My uncle only got one and wound up in prison for a few years. ...killed the grandparents of a kid I was in school with, though. 
utah represent! totally true those guys are huge and happy 

they're doing things right
Goodell? Probably because he's Goodell.
What would be the purpose of taking Williams? Are they going to trade Wilkerson? They should take Beasley here.
I wanted him, but we took Parker, so I'm on board.
Intetesting
Here you go: 

http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34101k/whos_going_to_be_the_biggest_bust_of_the_2015/cqq7ogs
Maybe they are refering to TRich?
It said for the first hour. It's not the first hour
Even if the Bears don't get Williams, they'll get White. I'm totally ok with this.
Ray in a state with legalized pot? WHAT COULD GO WRONG?
Because he's not a big exciting star and they want drama. 
i wanna see that guy rip his dick off
Jags pick in, commercial break
Gotta be Beasley
Why TF are the Bucks using so much time?
They have another pick. Have faith.
Hahaha, you called it :D
Idk either man. who wants to know he hasn't gone pee in that 5 hour window once a year? How is that newsworthy? 
It'll be like when Oakland beat them, except every week!
Has there ever been draft with zero trades?

Missed a /s. Downvotes don't phase me though so I'm keeping it.
"Put it away in those big arms he's got." 

Statement of the day. 
Hilarious pick. Seems like the Colts are just concerned with fantasy football and Luck setting records rather than winning SuperBowls. Passing on Malcom Brown will haunt them for years to come. 
PLEASE DONT RUN OUT OF TJME LOL
Big Plastic strikes again!!
I like it. We usually like New York Sack Exchange but that has a nice ring to it.
I like how Suzy acts like she's been apart of each one of their lives.
Fowler is ABSOLUTELY the top player on my Best Dressed board.
We were afraid someone like Arizona would trade up
If no trades happen Ima be so mad
we gotta trade people
[Looks like I have to buy his jersey AGAIN.](http://i.imgur.com/n00sKvZ.jpg)
Probably all of them at this point. 
I'm pleased. Filled a huge need. Excited to see what happens tomorrow.
Have you seen Josh Normans hair? Thats enough.
Doesn't take much effort to make a phone call.
NFL Network, man
They're being reserved and smart about their picks. 
BOOOOO!
i dunno. D should be the priority in Chicago. Beasley would work well in Fangio's system.
The "analysts" were worried about him putting on the weight that the average edge rusher normally has. Other than that he is an absolute beast, monster numbers at the combine, great performances last season. We got the right guy.
The Raiders subreddit was somewhat divided between Williams and Cooper, I'd say most people were pulling for Leonard, but really it was mainly those 2 guys leading up to it, so it wasn't a pick from left field like picks from our past or anything.
What the hell else is he supposed to do waiting for 31 picks to pass...
Thanks for giving me credit. I hope to see this gif all over /r/nfl
Well, Zach Mettinberger is kind of bummed out.
The Browns select....LEBRON JAMES!
I still think Titans are gonna trade Mariota
This is a good fucking pick
Great pick for the falcons!!
Yeah. I really expected us to go Linebacker. If we go WR or (God forbid) QB at 31, then I will really be concerned about this draft.
Can we get a word count how many times "blessing" is said tonight?
SHIT BRADY UR DED. 
So many Winston drafted #1 threads just popped up.
The Tennessee Titans select: Elian Gonzalez 
[...and here you go](http://www.suicide.org/hotlines/tennessee-suicide-hotlines.html)
With the second pick in the 2015 NFL draft, the Philladelphia Eagles select: Air Bud, Golden Retriever, San Diego Pound
Spoilers thread, son
Isn't Eric Berry out for a while from the cancer?
Why have a stage in the Auditorium when Goodell is outside?!? This is a shit show already.
I like Snapple but that shit expensive. Instant iced tea life
Is anyone keeping track, have two players from the same school been drafted yet?
It's moments like these that im glad we dont have Big AL calling the shots anymore.


Colts gonna Colt
FUCK WHO DO WE TAKE
damn kolber gotta ask him about his dead brother like that 
that would have been there at 17
Actually, its not that hard. 5 master balls is more than enough
http://media4.giphy.com/media/D6WuLOKOpR2fK/giphy.gif
Hippie! Get a new stream!
As much as they prolong these picks once they're in you think there'd be more commercials
Laken Tomlinson has a big butt
Plus Dirty Harry and Cap'n (playing the slot full time now!)... man, this is going to be nice.
Steelers get Dupree? Bengals get Brown?
Chop em up and make a stew
Come to Chicago lenny
Pick is in?
Eat that Chip Kelly!
The picks are in!

But first some commercials. 


Please take Malcolm brown bengals! 
Damn. 23 last year was only Dee Ford.
It's finally over.
The redskins already did that
Did the Rams forget about Tre?
Is it me or does it seem like ESPN is spoiling the picks before being announced? 
###MEGA BOO COUNT: 4
The Odell Beckham effect.
He gives a few fucks, he just doesn't get in trouble for it.
If Tennessee's guy is still there at Chip's pick. They pull the trade.
Williams should still go in top 10, which is still good. 
you go for BPA. overall best player in the draft at 6 is a steal.
:'(
If I were an NFL prospect, I'd be excited as fuck to find out I'm moving to a city like San Diego. Not that I'm biased or anything...
Is that a bird team thing? 
I swear they just said "white tackle".
bud dupree?
Lack of depth
Jags chose Fowler over Williams due to Draft Day Attire. Jags fell in love.
Wow on NFl network they are talking about the Titans not drafting Mariota and not trading. 
What?!? Wow
How can that moron not pronounce Marcus's name after all this time? jesus.
Because he sucks.
Fuck Fuck fuck. Someone please hold me.
Did I want to pillage you for your picks? Yes. But I think Can is going to be a stud for you guys. I remember how excited I was when he came to FSU as a DT. Then he goes to the offensive line and is all ACC. the kid is smart and willing to adapt. Best of luck
SKOLLLLL
Both Mort and Schefter sounded drunk right there. In for a long night.
That would be a brilliant plan, then the current girlfriend gets nothing either.
Thomas Davis has already said Thompson and Gurley were his favorites, he's completely fine with that pick.
I wanted him
I give it a 80% chance we trade down.

I mean, Slick Rick said in a press conference that he wanted to.
Mr Great Lakes
BELIEVE THAT
McShay 7/15, Kiper 7/15, Mayock 5/15
/r/evenwithcontext
COOPER I WAS RIGHT
There has to be some like some inner league conspiration going on in this shit. 
This is going to be the crazy one. Lets see how the Titans shake this up
Tell that to the jets picks lol
Who needs positions other than DL anyway
NFL Network or ESPN? I can't decide
Fire the cannons Welcome to Raymond JAMEIS Stadium!! Jameis Winston!! Epic day for Nole Nation
Did you guys need a guard?
guy said Heil Hitler in one of his threads. if it was actually DGB then that'd be career killer lol 
I used to have lunch with him senior year. We used to call him marshmellow cuz he was "soft" on the field
Didn't see it on the feed and it hasn't been deleted. So, bounce.
Was a fake twitter bullshit 
TENN I bet is getting a phone call frenzy right now 
Jets switch to 4-3, murder QBs across the NFL. 
He was there for the construction.
Found Charlie Sheen's reddit account.
OMG OMG Parker to the Texans
The O-line isn't that bad, we needed some defense
There's still like 6 left worth picking...
Islandettes?
to who?
Cornerback: Darrelle Revis, Antonio Cromartie, Buster Skrine

Safety: Calvin Pryor SS, Marcus Gilchrist FS

Linebacker: David Harris ILB, Demario Davis ILB, Calvin Pace OLB, Quinton Coples OLB

Defensive Line: Muhammed Wilkerson DT/DE, Sheldon Richardson DT/DE, Damon Harrison DT, Leonard Williams DT.

Can you say holy shit?
who is the johnny manziel of this year's draft?
Check YouTube for some of his lifting tape. He's incredibly strong
Edit: the video I'm thinking of is farther down in this thread actually.
Or playing both in the same season
Come on Colts are we gonna draft or trade @_@ we got Brown, Collins, and Gregory here
Maybe they have done more scouting than the avg Joe?
Supposedly going to the Colts from Eagles, according to Wikipedia.
Oh boy
Yeah but pretty much every analyst says that Gurley is the best RB prospect of the last several seasons. 
Watch Williams fall to the Rams and they draft him. Just play a front 7 full of pass rushers
Don't worry, Bears will join them by game 4.
Right, I hope he gets temporary cancer in Week 3
Damn I'm HYPED
MALCOM MALCOM MALCOM PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Salty.
Flowers straight clubbin' kids in those highlights 
Jets, why the hell didn't you fill a glaring hole in your team and take Kevin White like you should have?

Screw you guys!
Awesome, lets repeat the Peyton Manning years where we try to score more points but eventually get bitten in the ass year after year because our run defense sucks asshole. I don't understand this pick.
You mean besides every QB's Soul/hopes and dreams that was drafted by the Browns?
Jets going to average 14 ppg i swear
So T.Y. Hilton and Dorsett? Brace yourselves AFC South DB's.
FUCK YES.
I think Detroit made out like bandits.
Is this your first draft?
Western Illinois and Ohio State played the Badgers the right way - stack the line and force Stave to fail at throwing the ball. Tough for Gordon to do too much during those games.
Chip is gonna kill his team with his pac12 boner.
Fuck yes.
So what reference am I missing?
SHOCKER

I ended up power smoking while watching a Chantix commercial through my french doors.
They didnt and we passed on him
Wtf is gruden talking about? Rams had Marshaul fucking Faulk and steven jackson
Is Alex Flanagan in San Diego for us?
He's amazing. Dont listen to Kiper or Gruden they are fuckin idiots
World record one
Life sucks. Football sucks. Go Warriors.
Sell me on it. I'm open.
Chip Kelly cry cry cry
Ramirez isn't good though. His cap hit isn't that bad but it's still something. He's not guaranteed to improve the line. The Broncos traded him and that should say something.
I think you mean to add Bud to all the buzzing B's we got up in this piece. 
>new highly-touted recruits thinking twice with trusting their career development to a program that will go out of its way to actively sabotage its players.

The coach can just as easily say this in private without a sign, or if scouts ask about the sign, give a more nuanced understanding of the player. It is supposed to make them think twice about slacking off, it's not supposed to make them seek out places where no one will ever challenge them.
Chip kelly just pulled off a master piece. He convinced the titans to draft Marioto, leaving Mariota for himself 
Glad Grigson is repeating Polians strategy of ignoring defense and depth.


Doesn't look like Wembley to me? 
I disagree. 
They're warming up their dissapointment generator.
Well of course he'd say that *now*.
They offered the bucs two first rounds and a qb. They still Denied 
*slams tables* NO NO NO NO
If it is gurly, he might as well prepare himself. Jeff Fisher is going to give him all the carries he can handle. And some
Yeah I think that was a great pick. People might think it's a stretch, but if he can stay healthy I think Gurley will be one of the top RB's in the league very quickly.
The Vikings has been making sensible decisions over the last couple of years. 
Hello, Mo 2.0!
RIP Brady, Tanny, and misc. Bills QBs.
Alex Mack?

BELEE DAT!!
I dont think Ive ever seen a receeding hairline/dreads combo like what perriman has...its pretty impressive to say the least 
I don't understand how they passed on that. Mack + Williams would be just as exciting as everyone was hoping Clowney + Watt was going to be.

Damn that would have been an intense defense.

Cooper will be awesome too... but still
Can't complain about a pick to protect da Brees
Stacy, Mason, and now Gurley?
Dude wtf is Mel Kiper Jr still doing on ESPN? Didn't he say he would retire if jimmy clausen didn't become a star?
You didn't hear about him breaking a world record at the combine?
...what?
Very true. Speculation won't end till Week 1.
I'm guessing trae Waynes here 
6 picks and no trades..... I was promised popcorn 
What about the giants ^^________^
Reports are coming out about a shoulder injury
but Gruden says he sucks at tackling and ILB is such a big need we need to grab one now! /s
Ravens don't need a new corner if the current ones don't all get hurt again. Everyone lost their minds about how bad the secondary was last year, but if Jimmy and Asa had been healthy they would have been fine.
Well shit
I can't do this. I'm afraid.
Future firsts. I think Mariota will be good. 
My thought was that someone else wanted him, and San Fran played San Diego against that team and the Bolts wanted him more. Treat him well
I watched a good bit of him in college. He's absolutely a solid athlete with a potentially high ceiling, but his hands (really needs work, can't stress enough) and route running were not impressive. It just feels like something was missing for him, could just be inexperience. 
Shocker.
Perfect fit. Great pick by Steelers. 
He's almost 6'7? Holy shit that's a massive dude
If Amari Cooper is hungry enough he can be a great WR. His route-running sets him apart
Spots that could have been filled with 2 firsts and a second? I don't understand why a deal didn't happen with the Eagles
i was just making fun of how protective Nintendo is of anyone using anything Nintendo related in a video
You mad cunt
DAMN IT. Somehow Chip Kelly needs to get him, I do not want to play Andrew Luck and Marcus Mariotta twice a year. 

And how'd you screw up his name Goodell?
I think things are about to get CHIPPY!
Oh shit. I didn't expect that.
Damn. Peters gone too
No one wanted the pick badly enough after Mariota was taken.
Good pick. I like him more than Cooper. 
I was promised trades... 
i just got -15 for saying this, be aware
Bueller? 
That's what I said when he fell to the redskins. Big sigh of relief for me in this thread.
Local Eagles commercial included Demarco but not Bradford.

I STILL BELIEVE!
Why? They have two incredible players in that position. They should have traded down. Still, though... Damn I didn't want him in New York. 
that's a tad surprising
Malcom Brown and Landon Collins still on the board....
LOLBROWNS
So what do they do with Haha? 
Jets why :( Our O-Line can barely deal with yall already
Good pick, Saints should have great incoming year
live is almost the same
Use your hands.
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-d1MXyNfSfeI/VCX2U8R16OI/AAAAAAAAqzU/pAXa-M9uEd0/s1600/J%2BWinston%2Bclapping.gif
Anybody else having a hard time not going on twitter for spoilers?
Aside from QBs taken in the 20s slots, we rarely make a sexy pick.
Holy shit. The bills might actually be a contender...
NFC East trying to copy us LMAO
How do they not pick immediately? What is there to talk about?
Ozzie Smith? The greatest shortstop of all time? You're killing me, bro
We get Armstead now... :(
Mariota's sister pretty hot. 
They put a pick in
Eh, I'd have to agree. 
Come to new england papa
Big boy can move
I guess everyone needs to have an all black combination now
A 6'2'' pure athlete with poor instincts and motor concerns that doesn't project as a DE in a 4-3, particularly considering the types of players the Bengals have staffed that position was your top choice? Woof.
Only schedule night games. 
Bow down!
Nick Foles, sick defence, possible playoff year. Maybe he's nervous about hard hitting NFC West Defences? Or just doesn't like the uniforms?

I feel like all of these reporters never once really thought it would go any other way than Winston - Mariota. Hell, ESPN didn't even try to play for drama once the draft started. Gotta get those clicks beforehand doe. 
It's gonna be sick.
If you really want to question his size, just watch this:

https://youtu.be/HZJUz7mDbbw
Haha, fair enough.
Sorry to disappoint, but Mariota is probably gone in three years.
Now we get to see how many dedicated Jets fans made the trip to Chicago so they could boo their pick.
food receiver = lineman
I want to see better pocket awareness and for Tannehill to tuck it and run more often when the play breaks down. Too often he stays in the pocket as it collapses around him. 
I really don't see why the colts draft a wr there with who was remaining.
Well this + Manny & 2 5ths aint so bad really. 
Clearly had their guy and were just hoping the Titans didn't screw it up for them.
I actually understand why he wants out, 3rd string at best for him when on most other teams he could be a 2nd string 
Jones...well...idk 
No, you guys are just the ones who always have the most fun, exciting draft moves. Building the trenches is smart, just... boring. 
[Yeah...](http://imgur.com/mNXIOQW)
Still suck?
Gruden's kind of touchy with Kiper. There's going to be a fanfic now.
Im content. Really solid pick imo. Has everything chip wants in wr -size
OHHHHHH SHIT
maybe it's to stop the army of wrs drafted last year. good god they were so good.
Hyperbole!
Sounds like a 30 for 30
I believe that dude can play anywhere on the line.
Keeps him out of the Bears hands
Jesus...
0 since the internet was born
The Mettsiah was supposed to be the chosen one! We have drafted a false prophet!
I highly doubt it. 
God damnit Telesco. He would have been there at 17. 
Hes a Jacoby Jones Torrey Smith hybrid
Why are the Raiders unhappy with an elite WR talent to pair with their up and coming QB? I know Leonard is a fan favorite, loves Oakland and is a great talent, but Cooper is amazing and has the potential to be a great duo with Carr.
2015 1st round (17th), 2015 4th round, 2016 5th round.
She was cool, now she's even cooler.
[**@RAIDERS**](https://twitter.com/RAIDERS/)

> [2015-05-01 04:31 UTC](https://twitter.com/RAIDERS/status/593996122936344577)

> Yeah Right...We Will Always Be THE SILVER AND BLACK !!!

> 

> http://www.raiderimage.com/category-draft.html

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Wahoo!

And now the capitals are on the power play kill
Watching the second round of the draft.
I was saying Boourns
Pregnant women and fedoras go together like orange juice and toothpaste. 
Misleading looking Texans icon, ESPN
http://i.imgur.com/HttcUAU.gif
Ware should coach up this kid to be great
Defense? What's that?
Colts game-plan will be go deep every play to either the left or the right.
It's got to be Cooper
If they pair Maxx Williams with Gronk I will spoon my eyes out. 
I am so surprised....

is the /s even necessary? 
Cringed how he said "Louisville" 
Texans to Colts: "Fuck yo Luck"
Damn it Houston, TRADE UP! No one good is gonna be left at 16 :(
I'm conflicted
Oh shit I like this trend.
This would be the biggest slip since Roethlisberger if so
Eagles fan using sarcasm to favor Mettenberger? CRAZY Chip trade for Mett confirmed 
What if a guy tripped and blew out his knee on the way down?! THE MAYHEM
Nailed it.
Great, now we have to deal with James Harrison v.2 for the foreseeable future. 
Edit: James
As a dinosaur and a fan, I think you're dumbass. 
Boooo Wendy, boooo 
Seems like such a cool guy, hope it works out for him there.
I don't get it. New RT?
No one. And I mean NO ONE. Will ever replace Thomas Davis.
That means we'd have to trade Snacks.
i had a feeling it was down to OL or CB. Erving would have made sense as well but Peters is a good pick.
So either Chip Kelly is lying, or virtually every reporter in the country that said about 100 times today leading up to the draft that the Eagles were "working very hard" on getting a deal done are lying. Yeah, I'm gonna go with Chip, as he's been a little flexible with the truth in the past.
Browns
Yeah cool hang out with Von, we don't care 
Haiku* 
Right with you boss.
Add to this

Ed Bouchette, someone I trust, with the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette says Steelers taking Bud Dupree as well
Holy fuck
The shoe has dropped

Chicago Goodell boo : 7/10

also, we got mentioned first, suck it ESPN fanstraights
But he has dreadlocks. So clearly he compares better to Jamaal Charles.
Still shooting himself in the foot.
TRADE, WE HAVE A TRADE!! Oh, and good pick for the Dolphins giving Tannehill someone to get the ball to.
yeah I've seen him on some other stuff this year and really like him 
Captain wasn't very good last year
Shucks. I wanted to see Super Mariota to go to the Eagles.
Beasley or Dupree?
I think New Orleans take either Bud Dupree to help out their defense or take Devante Parker 
That's a fine there bud 
premature jock selection?
The rams approach to drafting i see
Yeah, if that is true, TEN done messed up.
Prepare to get sadder.
I like this pick for you. Whoever your starting running back is next year, he's gonna have a solid O Line to run behind. 
As a UA Alum i agree. Every game vs USC I always knew we had to stop him in order to have a chance...it never happened though :( glad hes on the Eagles for sure
I hope Parker falls to us.
That's an understatement
That will be one short clock for the raiders!
EDIT: pick is in!
You must be clueless then. Skins needed a RT more than anything
because what you want in a DE is someone really easy to get underneath.

I really hope I'm wrong about him....
domo arigato marcus matiato
I have a feeling we may acrually take Collins, because we KNOW he'll be there...
WHAT! HOW COULD THEY PASS ON WILLIAMS?!?
Yeah like wtf
Also, Joe fucking Namath was a first round pick. Why is a HoF QB not as good as Farrior?
Oh please Jets take Girly! 
LEONARD COME TO WASHINGTON
I just shit my pants from this
Traded a pick and the Broncos got Shane Ray with it. 
Whoa the draft is outside
Yeah it was supposedly for his heritage 
At least for the summer.
As a Cardinals fan, great pick St Louis. You just picked a running back and have no one to block for him. Sucks for Gurley, that's gonna be a tough situation there in STL. 
Great pick, Nelson will be a good WR plus a special teams machine on returns. 
Amari Cooper helps us move the chains, which keeps the defense off the field, which makes our defense better. PLUS we get a young elite WR for our young elite QB to grow and learn with. There was no other pick really.
Good god Roger. Pick up your ass. Dont let there be a backlog. 
He's probably like this is worth it for 40 million a year
Oh man, I'm so excited for YET ANOTHER MOTHERFUCKER THAT CAN'T TACKLE. I hope the third scout isn't right. 
Database error yo
I'm trying to create a draft war.
Yep, I knew they would go to a commercial right before our pick. Small market problems. 
CMON LET THE SHOES DROP CHIP
I was shitting myself in fear as the clock ticked down
They're not going for Gregory? Unless GB or the Saints took him?
Would love to see ATL make a move but I don't see them wanting to give up a lot for him
Ugh... still, it's not like Cooper is a terrible pick.

EDIT: Initial *slight* disappointment has worn off and I'm definitely feeling this pick more. AC/DC baby!
DUDE WHAT THE FUCK
Thanks Mariota

Because you're a top 5 pick

I lost Haiku bet.

-----
For the next two weeks

I can only talk Haikus

This will get old quick

----
Here is my edit

I fixed spelling of Haiku

Are you happy now?
Major props. Respect.
Please trade down
WINSTON OFFICIALLY TURNT LOL
THE STEELERS SELECT, SOME RANDOM DUDE FROM OHIO STATE THAT'S A LB THAT NEEDS TO WAIT 4 MORE YEARS TO PLAY ON THE DEFENSE.
Fuck Jerry you shouldve fucking traded up/down fuck you jerry
AD speculation runs wild now.
trade

when
Two first rounders aren't enough for Brees. 
Berman: "And he just looks like one of those Iowa lineman." You mean big and white, don't you Boom?
New York Jets, going the "St. Louis Rams" route now, I see.
Spoilers.
#WOOOOO WILLIAMS GOING TO DROP ALL THE WAY TO ST LOUIS!!! LET'S DO IT! D LINE 4EVA!
Not surprising if you didn't listen to the random speculation. Farmer is pretty good at keeping things from getting out but when you watched his interviews he seemed more interested at filling gaps then making a big splash. 
yay!
Hesitant.
Scariest run defense in the league
This Raiders defense is going to not be so fun to play against next year. 
Tough night huh? 
I'M WATCHING A STREAM AND I HAVE NO IDEA IF I'M IN THE RIGHT THREAD TO TRASH TALK PICKS!


Nice graphic there guys.
I don't want Perriman. :( 
damn, didn't think those RBs would go so high.
Rams surprise is to draft a kicker.
KC on that trigger
Why exactly?
NFL Draft: Speed round edition.
Good pick. Higher reward on the field than Mariota. Off the field, higher risk though. 
This year...
By Hernandez then do you mean prior being drafted and having concerns at UF?
This is the spoilers thread. Look at the title.
Traded it for a ps2. 
IS MO GONE NOW????
> coke machine

Cmon man...
This draft is boring at this point. I want some fucking lunacy.
Oakland would be stupid to not get Cooper.
invite him in for drinks
Not a ton of elite prospects at 20+. 
Because they aren't fucking idiots like the Redskins. You don't pass that up unless you can get a QB.
pintrist? NFL? I guess i could pin my 7-layer dip there...
It's a joke about Manti Teo.
You really need more with Watt and clowney? Thats like illegal yo

Damn he is 310 lbs? looked alot thinner to me
I agree, don't find the Oswald bar by the police station.
That's the only reason he was drafted ahead of Jones. 
YESSSS KEV LET'S GOOOOOOO
WE DON'T FAIL FOOSBALL!
Tyrunn Walker and Ngata
le go pack go army is here
Jets grabbed him.
yeah i might just be arguing for the sake of arguing here. But a lot also agree that it was the biggest reach 
man jones
What lift? Squat? Bench press? Bicep curl?
Mayock looks shook right now. This draft makes no sense
I WANTED T-COLE OR A PASS RUSHER. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Because there was.
Who? You mean Marioto...?
Dude has the whitest name 
psst

they porked
Domo Arigato, Mr. Mariato.
Oh nice
The Gurley man! He was such a beast before he was injured at Georgia. I bet he'll kill it with the Rams. 1st round RB!
great pick by the Bears, i love it 
no way they pass on williams
Colts fan before the pick
>This is the best board I could imagine: no OL, no RBs, just a ton of defensive talent. 


lol

Espn must be pleased
a solid pick
Have to get the names ironed on the jerseys, if they're attending. 
You don't have to now, but could you anyway?
Trading Jimmy Graham away, they need to pick up a light skin brother to keep the ratio up.

Good pick NO
They need to be moved back to the NFC once they move to LA so they have a chance to do it more.
PACE TRADE UP NOW PLS
Vikings pick Trae Waynes.
Fuckin hell I don't want this guy in my division.
That's def not true
The San Francisco 49ers have joined the nWo Wolfpac. 
Fml
...of preseason.
yeah Eagles are pretty much going Byron Jones
Welcome to the inbreeds that have jobs as talking heads. 
Well, that was unnecessary. Do we tell them they could have gotten him ~10 picks lower?
The one who scores the touchdowns 
Thanks
Hell YEAH
Ever since Vernon Davis was drafted ESPN has an insatiable thirst for the tears of top draft picks. Some say Roger Goodell sleeps in a bath of them every night to absorb their power, others say that the team owners drink them to achieve superior erections. Personally, I think Mel Kiper sticks his special comb into a jar of them to do his hair.
He's better inside than out, or least he always seemed to be at FSU, he wasn't Bryan Stork level at center, but he has a lot of potential at either center or guard in the right team/coaching situation. 
Brady should retire
...Mario-to? ...Domo arigato, Mr. Goodell-o?
Blunder Baltimore pls

I'm scared
Sometimes people post the tweets that say the picks before they're shown on TV.
I know but I still think they overpaid 
Gruden and Kiper disagree on everything
Yeah i like this pick too. Got great speed.
-Al Davis 
I could've sworn he was Mormon. Either way my factoid remains unchanged.
fucking hate the vikings but i love trae...sigh lol
Aww love you too :)
Sweet.

i hope he turns out well for you guys.
I'm Ranch Wilder!!
Williams keeps on sliding
last time, where's the non nfl.com stream?
Trade!
I would love for that to happen, but what are we going to do with 3 good players at the same position? At a position where only one or two players are on the field at the same time.
I hate playing against him, but Thomas Davis is such a fantastic person and player.
Pick is in..
it's a shame when teams feel "forced.
Bud Dupree is sliding
Williams has to be next.
plus he is 6'1
CMON I NEED A CHIPSTERFUCK RIGHT NOW
6'1 200 something. Runs a 4.4 and is a great return man. pretty much a replacement maclin
Save us a pass rusher!!!!!!!!
Trae and Xavier are going to be beast! Good pick. 
We could always trade him to you for a first 
Perriman looks 50
Expected this. Love it. 
That is one amazing looking gif right there.
Yeah really good player. Super smart, team leader, good size
Now the constant speculation ends about the Eagles trading for him. Just kidding, it's just starting.
I hope it has crab legs
We "reached" for Pugh (and Beckham a bit) too. Worked out so far I'd say. Reaching is what we do.
Now what? Hope to shuffle back?
With Malcolm Brown and Randy Gregory on the board...unbelievable
Marioto is going to be the best part of the day, Goodell just wanted to go viral.
His hair is beautiful
Damn williams is free falling
He can prove me wrong, but I have like 0 faith in him.
First of all, our exciting picks never pan out. Second of all, you guys rarely make exciting picks. You usually have boring drafts as well. You have a good team, so what's the problem here?
Trade him to us!
Randy Gregory still there... please fall to us tomorrow
I didn't expect this at all.. Wtf redskins and raiders. I want Beasley!!!
Wait, what? Surprises for everyone!! Do the Rams really need an RB that bad?
Well it was win/win, but like a bittersweet win/win. My heart says we need WRs, but Leo really really wanted to play for us (plus I'm a USC alum) so I also really really wanted him.
Phil Dawson plays for the 49ers, not the Raiders.
I thought he was just eating it and the cake shoving was in celebration of getting the call.
The who?
He quite literally dropped the mic after a comment, and the camera person is really framing Faulk + Wagner, not so much Irvin...crazy.
It doesn't take a GM to see taking a player who has never done something, and asking him to do it is will most likely not yield positive
 results...

Great reporting, Shalise Manza Young!
I was sure he was gonna go! He has to be a second round pick. 
Saskatchewan Roughriders
Man, Dupree is really falling 
Not a single trade in the top 10? :(
According to Mayock.
> Somebody need's to shut Mettenburgers agent up.

Dude's doing his job, and trying to get his client into the best position, which is obviously not Tennessee at this point.
Running back stable I guess
Early!

I really hope Gordon falls. But I doubt he will.
Wow, that is a huge mistake by the Redskins. Scherff is probably gonna be a very good guard *in a few years*, but I can't believe they would rather have him than Leonard Williams, who would be a great fit for their defense.
Well he did develop one 
I said Joe Montanya!
CUZ WE SACKIN EVERYONE OUT HERE!
Dante Fowler #3
Maybe he can play safety

Poor donkey, doesn't realize he's being put out to pasture!
Another guy from Sac drafted in the first
As a guy who played dline, thats a textbook roll plus switching hands 
You must feel foolish.
The Ravens are probably the one team that Perriman will be good on.
Lmao at that guy videobombing
Walter Football predicted he could fall to the Bengals or Steelers.
Ozzie is fucking awesome
the jamaal clone 
You're in the wrong thread 
Suzy: remember when old yeller got shot?

Draft pick: (starts crying)
Congrats guys, hope it works out.
Who has a good spoiler twitter?
If you mix Desean jacksons stride and style with maclins build and measurables... 

You get Agholor.

Only Agholor is also a "culture" fit. Strong character blah blah all that good stuff.

Don't get me wrong though. I do miss my Djax 
Malcom Brown fall to 21 pls
That fro will get 6 sacks all by itself.
Drink
3-4 DE.
Worse, a pepsi machine
> the best RB prospect since AD.

That's what they called Trent Richardson, actually.
Only slightly disappointed.
Fun fact: you can use the word "literally" figuratively. 
two 5th and manny 
"Gale Sayers was before Barry Sanders, and I'm sure Barry Sanders would say the same thing."

such insightful commentary
Buccaneer fans look happy
Carlos Hyde?
DT for CLE? Didn't think they needed much at that position, unless some DLs are leaving in the next few seasons...
BOOOOOO

...

Actually, best pick! WOOOOOOO!!!!
I CANT HELP BUT THINK ABOUT THE RETURN FOR MO BUT YOU'RE RIGHT FUCK THAT SHIT.
Uh, okay...
Why are 9er fans mad?

You guys still have Bowman and Aldon, they need someone to occupy blocks.
Doesn't mean he fucking killed somebody. Innocent til proven guilty.
Shout out to the G.O.D.
So did I. I also missed the actual announcement. I need both vids.
BB is part of that success. And this is the defense that broke records, like 100+ points taken in 2 consecutive games 
mettenberger wants out ASAP apparently.
See you get it
Here's hoping!
Two 1st round RBs in the top 16 picks. What is this 1990?
Didn't you hear? Arian Foster is a bust. /s

But seriously, maybe they were concerned about Foster's health. They know more than we do...
But seriously... isn't that just make them the same team just replacing Marshall with White?
Or maybe he might just not have crippling self confidence issues.
What if Amari Cooper turns out to be the next Odell Beckham Jr?
Hou was rumored to be taking Gordon.
Them having Jim White was bizarre, I think Neil Reynolds is okay though, I listen to the sky NFL podcast and he seems sensible, though sometimes toes the party line a bit. 
Remember when the Seahawks' coach Pete Carroll hinted at a first round surprise? Well, it's just history notes for each pick in the NFL draft. Don't expect any trades involving Seattle.

EDIT:

Why are you downvoting me for telling you guys news about what's happening?

EDIT:

Sorry about the flair, jerks
DAMN IT, TITANS YOU JUST RUIN EVERYTHING
> because we need a CB more than we need a DT?

Absolutely we need to shore CB. We lost Moore. Clairborne is iffy as Carr is getting slow. DL we shored up with Hardy, and don't worry about his suspensions it will get lowered to jsut a couple of games and maybe none at all on the appeal and threatened lawsuit on the NFL by the players union. Plus we have the 2nd round pick
Jets staying true to tradition I see
Two really good picks for the browns this year, start of something good for Browns fans hopefully.
shit dude if they beef up their line even more with clowney and watt... like at what point does Luck just say "fuck it" and quit
Pretty boring 1st round.
This kid will get eaten alive in the NFL if he doesn't dramatically change the way he comes off the line. Stands straight up and has a slow first step.
Denver traded up to Dj humphries? 
But if you make it to the NFL you're allowed 2 murders. OJ did it. Ray Lewis did it. Hernandez got cocky and the third one ruined everything. 
Mike Glennon.
Goodwin?
Better be a lot of crab legs in Tampa.
Who the hell is that?
Scandrick is worlds better than decent 
Well they are wrong.
Alright TB dont waste our time.
MIAMI DOLPHINS
MIAMI DOLPHINS NUMBER ONE ^NUMBER ^ONE
Starlord, man.
So if a trade happens with like one minute left on the clock, how much time does Chip Kelly get?
AND WITH THE 5TH PICK OF THE NFL DRAFT THE WASHINGTON REDSKINS SELECT BRETT FUCKING HUNDLEY 

NOW EAT A SLOPPY JOE BUT INSTEAD OF GROUND BEEF ITS DIARRHEA 
what the fuck just happened.
Lions fans have a winning season and suddenly they forget about a winless one
A little romance before they officially become NFL players and he fucks them.
lol the nfl update was wrong
Damn Jets you made me nervous cutting it that close
I'm scared...
Lol, it's time to give up on the dreads and whip out the clippers
MARCUS MARIOTA IS STILL AVAILABLE! They picked Mariotto
Rivers is having another kid? Hahaha
Thanks espn
> schefter is saying 49ers not done.

Oh, they're done. They may not be finished drafting, but they're definitely done.

:-)


RUN!!!!!!
Yeah, that was a high price to move 5 picks, but I trust Elway and Co. 
I know, it's so annoying following him on social media.
K
And with the First Overall Pick of the 2015 NFL Draft...... NFL Network selects commercial break. 
lol so yeah they are fine forgot about them
Christmas come early! 
Trade down again. 
fowler's suit is noice. dude looks fresh
the guy who sees irony and isnt afraid of honesty. its a bitch.
Its like the black mullet
@DezBryant

>He better be a dog congrats
Hands have been fucking shook
Does it even matter in the NFL? I thought they had to remain drug free regardless of state law?
And Raider Nation just let out a collective WTF
KRISTIAN NICHT COME HOME!
Our backfield isn't injured
God, every time Roger Goodell talks I want to kick his testicles.
Going down to the wire here
More like Bulls but I was trying to stay mostly neutral.
Hate this pick 
My prediction:

First 2 seasons Winston is decent but we fail to get to the Playoffs while Mariota struggles..then, after the third season Mariota starts being a beast and we regret this decision.
Marioto is also your guy, apparently.
Luke
I am shocked and appalled that this type of blatant RACISM is allowed in 2015.

CBass32001, your mother should be ashamed of you.
So far that Rams version of the hat looks the best.
From Publix? Delicious as always. 
Spoiler: even if the Titans are ready to take an offer, they're going to keep asking for more until the last second, because... maybe they'll get more.
Haha it sounded like he said "Washington has been looking for a WHITE tackle" .
Nah , https://twitter.com/mikecamp_3
pot jokes woot woot

Edit: Puff Puff
Fuck you guys I wanted him for us :(

Shit shit shit
shiggles
When he fell out of the first round, i figured they didn't want that bad press again. 
Of course the first trade would be 49ers trading down. Typical Baalke.
Gruden's shitting all over Kiper lol
seems like Josh isn't the only Gordon that likes to get high af.
He's a guy that will bring a lot of attitude to that line. He plays angry.
No surprise here. Fisher is a run first guy and they can't pass up that talent
Not tonight however! 
Uh...

(Shit, the camera's on me.)

Yeah!...
Are you fucking kidding me? - Marcus Mariota
> Similar players out of college

yeah that's exactly what make me think that
[THEY'RE ON BOARD THE JARROD HAYNE TRAIN](https://doubleknockon.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/haynetrain.jpg)
If they're not going to sit Mariota behind him for his rookie year I'd like to see him be groomed to be Roethlisberger's replacement. He'd have to sit a while, though.
Atlanta really couldn't move up TWO spots? They needed someone like Williams bad, wonder if they just didn't like him. 
...and if they trade down a few spots they get a few mid round picks to patch up that defense, and the best player on the board is a different player, maybe one that's a much better fit for need. BPA doesn't mean you're forced to take the best player currently available, if it's not a good fit, you can move, grab some picks, and pick a player a few spots later when you're in a place where the best player available is also at a position to make an immediate impact in a position you're weakest at. That's the best of both worlds, and is far from unprecedented. It's the reason for teams moving 2 or 3 spots at a time through the draft.

Chicago could have easily gotten a few mid round picks by moving back, and still gotten Trae Waynes who would significantly address concerns on the defense. That's win-win.

I'm ok with this
That finger wag. Can we get a gif of that?
Still no trades yet? Chip Kelly is disappointing me. 
It could easily be Amari Cooper as well
I think Johnson has the highest floor of all the corners in this draft. Safe, no-nonsense pick by the Texans.
Hmm...
I'm watching on ESPN, no cameras were inside Winston's party. Did NFL Network get access? I can see him not allowing ESPN in.
Here is the video incase you missed it 

http://youtu.be/nYE442vnCZo
Gonna watch the first few picks intensely, and then kind of half watch until 11 hours later when the Cowboys make their first round pick.
We going Landon Collins I'd think. Who knows with Gettlemen though.
Sooooo....

Whut?
Tampa, as a division rival, that was a good pick. I look forward to seeing Kuechly confuse Winston twice a year.
Damn, I was hoping Shelton would pile drive that bitch when he picked up Goodell
He is projected as guard but lots of talk of him playing T.
Gordon is gonna be better than Gurley in the same way Bell was better than Lacy 
Rob simms
Where are the spoilers? I was promised spoilers in this thread.
Is it though. 
He gonna be playing [corner](https://twitter.com/RobDemovsky/status/593978581912559617) guys. 
Similar to the Bears taking Kyle Fuller last year
http://i.imgur.com/Y1FSGhK.gif
Obesity?
I never realized that the Saints trade Jimmy Graham for pick #31...
Sorry lions, laken is going to wake up in 2 years and retire back to Jamaica 
He's got his own basketball team right now
Sir, Jimmy G, the Squire of the Court of East Illinois, must be ready 
they can go as long as they want. this isn't baltimore. there is no curfew
We've only traded out of the 1st 2 times in the Brady-Belichick era. Also drafted Richard Seymour, Vince Wilfork, Logan Mankins, Jerod Mayo, Devin McCourty, Nate Solder, Chandler Jones, and Dont'a Hightower all in the 1st. There is absolutely nothing remotely correct about that dude's post. All of the busts are in the 2nd and 3rd, and we can afford to bust there because of accumulating picks by selling less than stellar goods like an old Seymour to your organization.
Says the Bucs.
AMARI COOPER!! MAYOCK IS 4 for 4 so far on his mock draft holy shit
Yeah he has a weirdly shaped head.
NAPA knows about redneck excavation
I thought it was /r/nflcirclejerk
Great pick, should be a good fit in the receiving corp 
That would be unprecedented 
Not to be too much of a homer, but might I suggest [these options for helping repair Baltimore?](http://www.baltimoresun.com/features/bal-volunteer-donation-opportunities-20150428-story.html#page=1)


I'm gonna go ahead and trust ozzie over the armchair GMs here
They finished with the same record. Bucs won on tiebreakers to get the first pick overall, but then they alternate every round.
Not surprised. Walter Football was saying Leonard Williams would fall, saying an insider said he wasn't highly valued by teams. He got similar information about Teddy Bridgewater
I, for one, am really surprised by that pick
almost doubled, fucking *brutal*
Fucking hell man why
I would take Leonard Williams here. You can snag a good WR in the 2nd.
I hope Jones drops to us.
Whatchu doing here Hawkeye?
Two years in a row you guys have been jumped for a need.
#HOLY SHIT THEY DID IT
White guy with a neck tattoo.


Never have a white guy with a neck tattoo in your entourage. Rookie mistake.
:( 

why not go WR in the second..
So we have HHCD, Burnett, and now Randall. Maybe one goes to slot corner? Interesting pick.
They said moving up two spots. Not to #2
Raiders be like " Yeah gimme Leonard Williams I don't need 10 minutes"
I like it
Buccaneers select Jamis Winston!
You should have. Best corner available right now.
Colts going for the 5 WR set I see
Go Stanford!
Not saying it is, but I figured we could've traded back and still got him or took a more glaring need.
Mack can opt out after this year, so I guess they're expecting that?
Hahahaha it's like the NFC East got together and decided that drafting tackles over BPA was the plan. Glad the Giants defense will continue to suck. 
Huh?
haha rich knows how to handle it.
This was disappointing after all the trade rumor buildup for Chip...
ugh anyone have a stream? Mine just went down
We draft on Thursday night Maggle!
I'm getting real sick of that Giants GMC commercial. Put the draft back on, dammit. 
It's been one round. There was no other top talent at the OT position since ARZ snatched Humphries. We still have 8 more picks, and magic always seems to happen in the later rounds. Gettleman is a hell of a GM. 
Should Mariota even be starting?
That haircut
Special teamer in round 1?
Great because we didn't pass up on Leonard Williams for him.
Gruden is bossing Kiper right now in predicting picks
Lewan and Warmack were great last year. Warmack was a top 3 guard for the final 6 weeks (PFF)
To immediately start bucking for a trade shows me a player who isn't willing to compete for his starting position. 

Giving off that kind of air to the other teams in the NFL is *not* the best position for his client I'm sorry.
Just checked the score, DAMN!
why didnt carolina pick a WR...
Crazy Bold Prediction: Goodell comes out to announce the next pick covered in butter.
Ponder is GOAT at hand-offs
Maybe the most overrated WR in the draft imo. Not that it's a bad pick, I just disagree with some of the hype he received since his good showing at the combine.
The same thing that most mock drafters have said for the past several months: we take the best WR on our board to help Carr out.
ALRIGHT.
Nice pick for Pittsburgh
Ice Cube loves you Coop!
K 
Miami, please ignore Parker.
they'll get a 2016 6th
It's just another Baalke fake-out. Everybody was thinking "He never picks who he's projected to pick." Now he's going to pick exactly who he'd be projected to pick for the rest of the draft.
**B**
Good, now we can get down to the interesting stuff.
Comes as literally no surprise. Congratulations to Mr Winston
Strahan never did
Oh shit, a trade!
Andre can't be terribly excited after leaving Houston because he didn't want a lower number of reps.
haha sooooo much booing of Goodell
Watch it not be Mariota. They've been talking nothing but Mariota for the last ten minutes. 
Wasn't Scherff the consensus best offensive linemen in this draft?
still in fucking shock
the patriots wanted him so he must be pretty good. 
Imagine it in football terms. Fast is a straight line, quick is side to side or cornering.
Has your draft pick retired yet?
Luke Skywalker?
The Browns use their two first round picks to solidify their D-line and their O-line? HAHAHA STUPID BRO.... that's actually a great plan. Good move for them. 
Hahaha, I kinda love the Jets fans Booing no matter what.
http://www.thehuddlereport.com/scoring/mockdrafts.shtml

I went by that ranking.
Now it gets interesting!
Gurley. Just a hunch
Defense 
Yes and yes. Much improved last year. 
Oline can be filled with later rounds. Maybe a trade up if they really like a guy.
what. rassle the cassel? *rassle the cassel?* barf.
2012
The poor man looks like hes gonna cry during this interview
He kinda looked like a really socially awkward gremlin on stage smiling at the camera.

Is that a weird thing to say? I hope it's not.
The Packers thank you
Go larp ya grump.
I'd be bummed that its only a short stop on the way to LA. If I'm him, I'm renting for sure.
It does when every other player on your line is worse than Schereff. 
In a show of friendship, I'm gonna join the Jets fans in booing their draft pick
I've been rock hard for Agholor for months. I'm happy with this pick.
Holy shit even I can see it takes him forever to move after the ball is snapped. That's crazy how long it takes.
It's actually a cover of the song that 'Ye sampled, which is *Move on Up* by Curtis Mayfield.
I miss fangio :(
reach for flowers here?
Said he wants to play LB, not that it's really up to him I guess.
The CIA is headquartered in Washington. Well right next to there.
Meh...I guess we're going with the best-defense-is-a-great-offense plan. Defense will just have to hold opponents under 38 ppg. 
Very raw, more workout warrior, all potential.

Ceiling is best pass rusher in the draft but he could easily not do anything. Depends on who coaches him.
Oh no I totally agree, I don't fault him for not taking Williams (although I may come to regret saying that if he turns into Demarcus Ware or some shit, it's far too early to tell). We need a decent O-line badly, and this is a solid start to making that a priority. 

I've never heard of NFLroundtable, I'll check it out. I know it seems selfish and it's for sure just a consequence of our recent sucking, but I'd honestly settle for this sub even caring about this skins at this point. I might see something other than a game thread once a week about us during last season... It was pretty depressing.
Vacuum pizzas?
Incorrect.

See: 1994
Cool cool cool
Lil wayne made it
He's gonna have to drive a whole 3 hours up the highway to his new team 
Damn Gordon giddy af
Been hearing this guys name for months and you cant say it right commish?
Guessing he'll convert to CB?... Still, weird pick. 
@jwyattsports from above
Sideshow Leonard 
Safe pick good
How are you not?
Well, one of the mid-round pics is for next years draft, so the team has plenty of team to recover the pick somehow. Knowing TT, he might even make another trade sometime later to get the pick back
The next few picks is where it gets interesting. Doubt anyone thought the Bucs would take anyone besides Winston 
F 
Who there was going to keep him alive? I think Cards sniped us. 
Is he the good one or the old one?
Right now perfect on 4/11 picks beating Mel leggo
marcus mariotto 
Jets trading Mo + 6th for the 2nd pick + some from Ten
CHICAGO MAY GET WILLIAMS WITH DRAFT IN CHICAGO?

\#NFLCONSPIRACY
Greatest night in Titans history haha I love Gruden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjSO21zK5EQ
2013 had 10 though, and for the most part the top 10 in that draft are all busts or heading towards that, with the exception of ezekial and johnson, and maybe warmack, i don't know enough about the Titans to know how he's been
We've nailed every 1st round pick as long as I can remember. Not upset at all. 
Yreah I was expecting them to go with Brown too.
Probably a no-brainer. He wanted to be there, they took him.
Looks like we were wrong after all, who the hell wouldve guessed.
I didn't care which the Jags got as long as it wasn't Amari lmao. At least we didn't fuck that up.
But what about Chips master plan to have Mariotta play safety **and** quarterback??? 

/s
Honestly, you only get so many oppurtunities to get a franchise QB. I don't blame the Titans at all for choosing to decline. 
ITS HAPPENING!!!! ITS HAPPENING!!!!! ITS HAPPENING!!!!!!
STEELERS UP TO BAT! EXCITEMENT AND UNCERTAINTY ABOUND!
That Ereck Flowers move is still so fucking baffling to me.
Sort of out of the loop here, is Leonard Williams a big deal? Is Nerlens Noel dropping a similar case? 
he is not humble.
I skrong if u skrong
"and I'm wearing Chiefs gear? This is child abuse."
Practice squad punter and the Gatorade boy?
[**@AlbertBreer**](https://twitter.com/AlbertBreer/)

> [2015-05-01 01:06 UTC](https://twitter.com/AlbertBreer/status/593944648445464577)

> Iowa OL Brandon Scherff was 3rd overall on the Redskins board, behind only Dante Fowler and Amari Cooper. So they did well to get him at 5.

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Oh god, the 49ers fans here are going to explode
Top 3 WRs are off the board now. Might as well trade out. 

Or hell, take Gordon.
Get ready for the 2nd/3rd day Mariota trade talk!
Yeah seriously. FUCK POLUMBUS. Dude's gotta go!
GOD DAMN
Todd Gurley to Atlanta?
I can't fucking believe Byron Jones became a first round pick.
the booing has already begun
Nice! A corner who can't tackle goes to Minny!
They started with highlights of his dad and closed with a drop compilation. I still don't know what this guy can do. 
Probably just to insure the Cowboys/Cardinals/Browns didn't trade up in front of them .
Berman completely ignores Connor Shaw. What a noob.
Well, it looks like vikings fans need to just fade the cowboys to be AP home free......

He can finally shed his disguise! Throwback to last season.

https://i.imgur.com/rqJj07D.png
He was behind Tre Mason.
get a real flair
yeah, if not you guys im sure he wont get past the Jets who pick at 5. Still im sure we can get a good player at 6, maybe Landon Collins
Bill Callahan loves 0-lines
wow Gurley went a lot higher than I thought he would
4 picks away so nervous. 
Really? Over kendricks?
Yeah I realized that after I read his comment again haha. I'm just so pissed about us making probably the dumbest pick in the draft so far that I didn't realize it at first. 
Jets, Steelers, Patriots
also gurley
Horrible pick
I wonder what odds you could get if you parlayed 32 bets and got the entire first round.
Winston seems like a pretty cool guy
The Vikings scare me man.
I like this guy already
Oakland suprises everyone and drades up to also get Williams.
Goodell 2/3 on pronunciations
When were u when goodell was kill

I was get drunk

"Goodell is kill" 

"Yes"
[Finally...](http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMTk3OTM5Njg5M15BMl5BanBnXkFtZTYwMzA0ODI3._V1_SX640_SY720_.jpg)
No problem!
Not going to Dallas BOOOOOOM

http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/59b.gif
PICK IS IN
It's beyond obvious that the aforementioned offer didn't happen. If Tennessee wasn't going to take THAT offer, what were they looking for for the last few weeks?

That offer never happened, and Chip's saying this because it's true, not to save face.
How is Miles Austin as a blocker? 
I for one love this 
Hopefully this dude sees Dion Jordan as what not to do in the league.
#Fuck Goodell's speech, let's get this party started.
Calling it now, Mariota is going to get traded. 
Yeah I'm definitely taking a risk with this prediction.
their on the clock what?
Touchdown after touchdown against Revis. Too bad he's on the Jets now.
Denver loves them some marijuana
Man, that one analyst is not making any friends tonight. First he insults Wake Forest Strength & Conditioning now he suggests Breshad Perriman needs to get his vision checked.
This is such a goofy format
I thought it was Dorial Green Beckham /s
O.O
"For some reason a Raider fan" fuck off Mooch
Thats so Raiders
"I'm a great guy. Very Humble." ....
Cleveland didn't fuck it up. Lebron changed everything
Can't see how this pick can be a surprise unless it's Hundley.
If the clock keeps going after a pick is made but before it is announced on tv, do teams get some sort of special stream to know the picks ahead of time? 
 Is that from the IT Crowd?
Or contemplating a Brazil Pro Bowl.
He should be used to it at this point.
When is the last time a system QB has been successful? Jesus. Whisenhunt has never had a QB like this and has never wanted one.
Best player in the draft and it's a C+? 
absolutely
He's not going to the Falcons!
I'm sorry but no. Gender issues aside Bill is certainly Louis. Running the household/org with an iron fist. 

[This](http://www.trbimg.com/img/turbine/fox-malcolm4-21/620) is not Bill. Tom maybe. Not Bill.
#Lyoto Machida
we need linemen WAY more than a 1st round running back
so..... how big is the chance we can get landon collins next round?
Can someone give Dante reddit gold for that suit?
NO, WHY UGH
Stop showing the Dallas star when the Texans are picking!
How many of these girlfriends actually stay that way until season and the first paycheck?
You wouldnt understand. You havent watched the future of your franchise get destroyed week in & week out for the last 4 years. He hasnt had a good o-line at any point since we drafted him & we are taking years off his career. I was around before g-man got her & i'll still be here after he's fired in a few years. First we gotta fire our shit coach.
WE IN THERE
DAE MISS "I'M THE MAN"?
Cuz that would've been retarded.
Scheme fit and some think Willaims is slow off the line.
Oh shit I forgot about that
Tank Carradine 2.0. Let's see this year if that's a good thing.
"Marioto"
Lol I had that coming.
I think this is really good value at this point. Am I wrong for thinking so?
I don't think that many of us had our hearts set on Mariota, except for wanting to play with him in Madden next year.
Byron Jones to Dallas.
What if the Skins don't take Williams
Haven't been paying attention this year's offseason - is this good for us?
guess all that mett hype was just hype. 
He's the Crimson Schin..
dream choice for Raiders....Williams or Cooper. Love this.
I kind of hope Baalke tries to trade down 2-3 more spots. Keep up the collection of picks.
He's basically TY Hilton isn't he? Why?
Sweet blazer. 
thank god they didn't compare Jameis to another Black QB
Alex Mack is bout to get paid but he won't remain as a Brown? Or does Cam fit in elsewhere on that line? 
Crab Legs for everyone!
Big year? Kind of short-sighted, no?
He didn't even say he's not a top 5 lineman... He said not a top 5 tackle! Lol
Mariota confirmed
Took me a second to realize those weren't the names of three people.
Has it ever been that much though!?!
Shut your whore mouth you guys will take a kicker and you'll like it.
haha, i'll allow it.
This is where the fun begins.
You forgot Damon Harrison
Bucs. Titans are still a worse overall team in my mind.
Where is Maxx Williams gonna go?
YEA BOIIII
Bill Polian is laughing his ass off.
COOOOOOOOOOP!
Raiders will regret not taking Leonard if they skip for cooper 
Game changer
Colts get Dorsett and the Pats trade out...they must have wanted him
I definitely remember him saying that. Why would he even admit that 
If you keep saying it it won't happen! 
And Captain. The Vikings' secondary is about to be a no fly zone.
I've stopped questioning Teds picks. I thought the pack would go ILB but I don't mind this pick though 
Mayock is not having his best night. 
Goodell just thanked the crowd for the boos.

Reminded me of Mel Gibson in South Park "Gimme all ya got! I can take it"
Best in the SEC
Thought for sure the Browns were going to draft Aguayo. 
ESPN
Dupree is just being overhyped. 
We have Jonathan Hankins...
He went from safety to CB in college because they had no CB's. IMO he's a better fit at FS with his speed.
We got a DT I thought would be gone. So all in all I am happy
Don't forget Mo. Claiborne has been disappointing for sure, but he still has one year to prove himself.
I never would have been able to pick the goofy suits. Where do you even buy that shit?
Pretty sure I'll take Byron Jones over Carr. Done deal.
I mean, same style of player, not actual skill level. He doesn't bring anything new to the table.
Ahh yes. Here's where the clusterfuck starts
I honestly thought we would trade the pick, but at the same time I'm super excited! Bring on the Duck!
Please be true.
Well for people complaining there is a surprise
If there wasn't a offer worth taking, IMO might as well take a top talent on the board.
solid pick 
BOOOOOO THAT FILTHY SWINE
Yeah, that sucks for him. I thought he was pretty solid. 
People don't like the commissioner.
My thoughts as well
Dorial Green Beckham. They didn't even mention him. I think he's the best WR prospect.
They can be skipped until they get there card in. 
Jets took their sweet time
Jones for the Cowboys? I honestly thought he'd end up with the Eagles.
this pick feels longer than the wait for the draft.
WHAT???
I REALLY FUCKING HOPE NOT

Edit: Sorry for the caps lock, I was just in the trash talk thread
"We really need a RB since we won't have a QB past next season" - Chargers FO
his agent should call him and tell him all the other teams said LOL, dude you're Zack Mettenberger 
Maybe Goodell will tear his ACL
Grigson is like the guy in fantasy who waits till the last damn second to make the pick. Wtf bro.
For the team it is a salad, for what those men are eatting... just the ranch dressing
In Reggie Y'all Trust. We'll see what's up with Cooper! 
Yeah thats fair. Still doubt it
Instead Bowles. Who's just as defensive minded
Trade down again for Peters pls
One jersey for each team, and a WHOLE lot of iron-on nameplates to be attached at a moment's notice.
SMART MOVE. LOVE THIS FOR WASHINGTON
Rethinking your choice? Come on lol.
THE BEARS HAVE JUST WON THE SUPER BOWL!!!
Solid 
He's so happy.

You'd have to be able to trade down just a few spots to get him, and why risk it? The right side of the line is one of the two major issues of the team, secondary being the other. There's room for improvement all over, but those are by far the two main issues. 
You don't need him
Or Armstead... Aren't you happy nobody's taken him yet??!
Oh, hi... we did not miss you guys
That's a big boy
They used to have some great defences, it's mostly just the Luck era that it's sucked
can't believe that armstead is getting taken this early! First almost sure bust of this draft! 
HERE WE GO IT'S NEVER TOO EARLY FOR THE SHIT TALK
It's gonna get deleted anyway because spoilers.
Eagles now have a bunch of my Sooners/USC players. Agholor, Bradford and Murray. Can't wait to watch them this season.
I'd shit my pants!
This just in Leonard Williams has cooties
No! Last time we had a wr shave their dreads, he became a wuss!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! FUCK
Al Davis has a huge smile on his face somewhere
Can Williams play RT?
Slap an iron on patch on there
Yeah, I don't remember the exact phrase but it really came off poorly 
fucker
Wait for Arizona, know the enemy.
In TT you trust
For all the talk of crazy Chip, this is a really solid pick
Haha, I knew it! But seriously, I hear this guy is a beast.
Lol ok
I have no strong feelings one way or the other. 
Excellent decision by the Titans. 
Wow out with Marshall in with White. Lets hope Cutler doesn't fuck up this time.
Al-Farouq Aminu's
Ask Peyton Manning over the course of his entire damn career.
Who do Giants fans want?
a good old qb, a good oline. and a good season. I am exaggerating quite a bit, but both the giants and the saints seem to be doing that.
Not a bad place for a player of his talent and questionable character to end up. 
Brady as Francis?
God I love this subreddit
ITT: the same tired ass jokes that have been repeated 8 billion times over the last two months and took no wit to come up with in the first place.
The 49ers that is
Don't sleep on Sio Moore. 
Injury risk? Chip Kelly's Wild Ride? Cheaper?
VICK IS FINALLY BACK IN ATLANTA
Shite town lol

I live in Alabama. What's a Stanley Cup? 
Not enough crazy stuff is happening
Already in? A trade?
:) you too

OL and DL 
LOOOOOOOOOOL

So any guesses as to who Kevin White has living in his upstairs bedroom?
classic redskins
It's not as big as a market and doesn't have the football history of a city like Buffalo or Green Bay
He was indeed. His wiki says he 6'9. 
Good first round pick for the second year in a row Raiders. Sadly he is gonna be a beast.

SUCK IT CHIP
It's great for both sides IMO. We really have no use for Manny with a ZBS and we have 3 extra picks this year anyway. 
Why does espn go so fucking dark this year with these guys geez let them be happy.
Why? Who do we get?
Jaguars to London in 2017... 

or when ever Fulham gets back up to the Premier League.
Didn't realize he had signed a contract.
Rams going for the home run
I'm not so sure about that. 
It's so great to see the entirety of the Tennessee Titans fan base attend in that small, small room.
Long enough for a second Super Bowl ring.
It's a me! Marioto!
I hate our FO so much right now

Why the fuck would you ask that question? 
I don't think that's ironic, Mike
Nelson Agholor- he's not Riley Cooper!
Meh, plenty of scouts have been wrong about a lot of guys. I'm not too worried about it. I'm mostly excited that he's a hardworking guy with a good head on his shoulders. There's nothing to worry about except how he plays on the field. He's coachable player and I think the coaches will love him.
they have a press behind the curtains
http://i.imgur.com/VV4zHvJ.png
Holy shit how many cocaines did Mel Kiper inject?
With the jets taking Williams i feel this is the best pick we could have made
Wait. The Lions just got Tomlinson? and Hernandez? And Warford?

Wtf?
I feel bad how hard I laughed at that 
That didn't stop the Jets
That's what I was thinking. Unless SF or Houston might have traded the pick to another team? Or maybe SF were in the market for a RB?
At first I only saw Tebow and thought the joke was that he was throwing the wrong way.
Big ol' corn-fed country boy... just like seemingly every Iowa lineman ever.
John Travolta gave him some pronunciation tips prior to going on air.
Who do you think it will be?
Damn! You went full catholic, ha ha. Maybe now you can hang out with the Pope and discuss stuff...in latin!
Sounds about right. 
Thank you for your contribution to this discussion.
Cooper vs Peters.
We got hopefully a generational talent at RB. Hopefully the rest of the draft will be to build the rest of a line for him.
Ah ok thanks
Time to start a candlelight vigil for Dupree?
Read that as Marvin Lewis and was like daaaamn you guys need some depth at receiver
Ramirez.

He'll likely be either depth, or replace Raiola.
Pick announced. See you guys next pick, in half an hour.
Rodger Goodell was even laughing. 
how long you have to do this

Huh?!?

Did... did the Jets need MORE help on the D-Line? I thought they were pretty well set on the D-Line
I have been wondering this for years
Does anyone else think that Todd gurley looks like a dragon?
Thanks for the spoilers in a non-spoiler thread, appreciate it.
Not likely, i suggest punter
There's a link on our subreddit's home page.
Just what we need, somebody else who will struggle when we inevitably end up in New England again. I hope he turns out but he'll have to be a hell of a player to make any impact whatsoever on our offense with the people he's competing against. I don't see the justification in ignoring our countless other needs for a position at which we already have arguably the deepest group in the entire league
Check out the rest of that game. I think Flowers took care of Gregory except for that play.

Edit: [This is the full highlight video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th9hiGIQ0xs) (thanks to /u/StyleSoFree from /r/NYGiants)
That's what I'm kinda thinkin. Assuming White is at least decent we'll have a pretty solid locked up WR tandem for a while.

Considering historically the Bears have just been absolutely miserable at WR, that's not too shabby. 

I guess time will tell though
Go Bolts baby ;)
You guys drafted Brett Hundley.
uh oh
We're supposed to make fun of other teams, not have the entire league laughing at us :(.
Draft day is the only happy day in Cleveland. We've got our magic beans and we're going to plant them damn it!
PLEASE TAKE A KICKER PLEASE TAKE A KICKER PLEASE TAKE A KICKER!
Gordon gets his own music video?
I made that mistake whoops
Yes! Cold as ice. And in the end, could Dwayne Jarrett have benefited from a mentor? We'll never know.
Yea wtf that shit say, I gotsa know.
"WITH THE 1ST PICK IN THE NFL DRAFT, THE TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS SELECT MARCUS MARIOTA"

*starts walking to stage, lightakin go out"

Kipner: "WHAT THE HELL?"

lights come back on

"OMG, THAT'S WINSTONS MUSIC"

hits Mariota in head with steel chair

Puts on Bucs hat


He wants to help people, like fuck him right?
Fuck...we get Armstead now.
GOOD PICK!
And I stand by what I said. Bad pick for the Rams IMO. I'm a Rams fan even, I live in the STL area and follow the team. He'll be a stud, but not good value and not a need for the team. 
Mayock Master Race
Source: The Rock
Not sure, it was on /r/NFL until @rapsheet proved him to be wrong. I was just trying to pass along info. Sorry.

https://twitter.com/rapsheet/status/593976999829315584
I really want Goodell to go, "The Eagles select...no! Really? Fuck that. You guys are taking Byron Jones."
Where are the trades?!??!!???? 
LOL at Charles Davis making the pro comparison that about 2% of viewers will understand
Yeah that's a huge win for SF. You essentially get two extra players for free
OL in the first round is not an acceptable pick
Please let Williams slide...
"Do I actually NEED to go back to Cleveland?"
Ugh, Erving. One of my favorites. Fisher or Ogbuehi would be great for us though...
"He looks like one of those Iowa lineman" So he's white?
I like listening to David Shaw.
Not a whole lot makes you feel older than the kids of guys you watched growing up getting drafted
#TITANS SELECT SHANE RAY
It would be dumb for the Falcons to pick up Gurley
Noooo. No no no. No
Me too brochaco.. :/ Danny was a beast at UW
Mark S. Morimoto
That didn't take long 
I'm sure they're real...it's just not their first try.
Holy shit. Gurley.
Whit is getting old and the other tackle is lazy.


edit : 

http://stripehype.com/2013/03/01/nfl-free-agency-tagem-or-signem-andre-smith/

http://www.secrant.com/rant/sec-football/nick-fairley-pulling-an-andre-smith-lazy/25543122/page-4/

http://blog.al.com/ray-melick/2009/02/melick_andre_smith_gets_introd.html

http://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2013/06/03/after-new-deal-andre-smith-hasnt-appeared-at-otas/

http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap1000000164327/article/andre-smith-signs-contract-with-cincinnati-bengals

http://www.cincyjungle.com/2013/10/4/4801024/from-bust-to-best-for-andre-smith

http://www.seahawks.net/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=67362


Right? Thanks for pissing in my cereal, damn.
Williams is better but they'll want to give Carr a #1 receiver. 
dupree to the texans maybe lolol
Wait, what?
You turn into a superhero when you shop at DXL?
They've got to hit the point of diminishing returns at some point
Hurricanes fan here. Fuck Duke (but I kinda like their football team).
Shelton's sisters look like they could play OT
We could use a good laugh in Philly...
They tied, so they alternate who goes first every round
http://i.imgur.com/LokwXdj.gif
I got it wrong, I apologize and I'll do better next time
This is the best thing Chip has done in weeks. Thank you for making a good rd 1 decision.
are we referring to the shitty Curtis Mayfield cover?
I can't believe they passed on Cooper and having 6 WRs.

So disappoint.
HAHAHAHA 
But can he draw PI penalties? 
BOOOO

Ah, the Browns, always good for some laughs on draft day!
I think we just wanted another Johnson on our team
In Ozzie we trust!
Exactly. Sometimes the FO doesn't have full control. 

Just look at Cleveland's first round last year.
!maybe, aybe, baby, amari
Good for the Raiders!
Now they just have to find a competent QB.
Here comes the trade motherfuckers!
damn, just two picks away from landing to us.
saints stocking up on offensive linemen
typical indy getting a weapon for their qb instead of giving them a defense
Holy Shit. I don't want Williams to go to the Redskins!
The Wild and Wonderful White of West Virginia
This kid may have a tough time staying away from weed cause it's legal. 
Oh look....you did.
Please don't fuck this up...
I like the pick, Zimmer will get the best out of him.
surprised by this pick but excited to see how well gurley has recovered.
Versilatility - Jon Gruden
[Show me Dragon!](http://cdn.pastemagazine.com/www/articles/DragonGuess.gif)
Bud Dupree?
[Goodell on stage](http://i.imgur.com/gTZOWH4.jpg)
Choo choo
^^ How to spot a true Raiders fan
Solid pick. I'm glad it's not Williams though. 
Bud Dupree here?
Really? I thought that was commonly accepted 
I believe the exact words were "Your mother, you piece of shit," and then he hung up
Hey maybe a trade happened 
He is going to LG
Copycats.
Steelers to take Byron Jones? 
Everyone fuck off. That is an amazing pick. Yeah, Williams would be great but this is such a massive need for us it's not even funny.
WOO!!!
They're running behind. Follow @mysportsupdate to get the picks real time
I think Scherff and Gurley were both reaches.
Did we just draft Justin Smith?
poor leonard :(
WHO?
These guys are basically all my age and I'm sitting at home eating pistachios and watching this, so I think I got them beat.
I think I know who you mean, and I too am upset if it is who I think it is.
Dreadful shame. Always liked that John fellow, very polite.
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Thought he was going to smack that old dude.

"SIT DOWN OLD MAN!"
HOLY SHIT FUCK YES!!!
What the hell
There's only 4 people in the 9ers war room
Goodell gettin booed lmao
Keep taking those offensive players.. I certainly don't mind at all
Marcus Maryotto
So the bulls are beating the bucks by 50 points
We'll trade you A Brooks for a 4th?
this is taking so long. Hurry up TV
A TRADE HOLY FUCK
none of these guys look really happy about where theyre going
Who the fuck was screaming like a fucking moron?
So? He can still fail a test administered by the NFL.
Anyone else notice Kiper is demanding a WR and doesn't even have that listed as a need?
Best of luck, Scherff. Go Hawks!
God i love Suzy. She's gorgeous.
OH MY GOD WE FINALLY DRAFTED A WR IN THE FIRST ROUND!!

> LENORD


no i do not. but i do think they'd turn down a package of something like 20, Bradford, and Kendricks or whatever which is along the lines of what i think they got offered
Their line needs all the help it can get. Not mad at this pick at all. 
INCORRECT
OKAY.
I'm not
WE MOVED UP :O 

ERMAGERD ERMAGERD ERMAGERD!
I think he will be there
Jets are taking their sweet time
SACRAMENTO WHERE YOU AT
/s
Williams drops to Bears. Bears trade him to Tennessee plus next years 1st and this years second...and Cutty?

because I JUST WANT TO WATCH THE WORLD BURN
hey man congrats on getting drafted. your bro died right? how does that make you feel? 
WHAT THE FUCK!!!!!!!!!!
I just know I am going to get too excited about that pairing, take Cooper way too high in my fantasy draft and burn myself. 
Thank Cheesus.
The AFC East has weird obsessions. 
"it's Jamaican me humble to be quite honest with you, Suzy..."
YOU FORGOT TO FUCK ME
Calm down there Bane.
FUCK I'm just not happy about this at all
The woman behind him does not seem impressed haha! 
Spooky.
lol http://i.imgur.com/Qsq9Q4T.png
You've got to learn sometime. It is will probably be mostly Offensive Tackles this round, probably a really good Center, maybe a Guard if there is a really good one.
Jets adopting the Rams' philosophy on drafting: murder the QB.
she must love taking a load and being pregnant
You should see his shoes. Clearly the best dressed. I think that's what bumped him over Williams 
SERIOUSLY FUCK THE COMMERCIALS. WE ARENT BUYING ANY OF THIS SHIT. JUST SHOW PICK YOU FUCKING IDIOTS
THANK GOD!!!!
They must be trading Mo right?
Someone better tell Gurley to rent in St Louis 
You mean if its a top 5 Qb. We absolutely drafted Fowler for our LEO.
Please let the Redskins pass on Williams
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I want Mariota to succeed, stop it please.
god everytime they replay "Marcus Mariato"

:: *cringe* ::
Shit, that's not something I should've clicked on with my 4 year old niece in my lap. 
I think you guys want a 100 years of experience with all those fancy new corners. 
It's all in the mind!
Browns making smart picks? APOCALYPSE WARNING
He's a beastly corner, I like it!
WOW!! FUCK YEAH! Rams won't be disappointed imo!
LOL awk
WOW, im literally shocked
COOOP
GET PETTY NOW.
Phew. They need OT. We don't.
Grayson
I could see no trades this year.
I'm cautiously optimistic that we may be trading up or some shit tomorrow to get either goldman or collins. Ugh pls based grigson, you're our only hope...
We are building a culture of high characters and it is wonderful
I know I'm getting fucking antsy over here 
Let me remind you that Leonard Williams is considered the safest pick in the draft. So was Aaron Curry.
I'm fucking pumped. Still need to watch more film on this guy, cause I never expected him to fall to us, but I'm very excited. We'll probably end up in a 4-3 next year and I think it's going to work out well. He's not a clone of Vince, but fills a hole we had on our line. If Easley is healthy and produces to his potential next season, we'll have a pretty legit D-Line.
DROP THE SHOE CHIP!
wtf? dont they have 2 starting CB that are pretty good?
He will be better than Gurley 
Well, are you doubled pissed?
I didn't think it was even realistic until it was, but then it wasn't :(
What about the Ha-Ha fella?
be happy. Extremely talented guy. He's 3 standard deviations above the norm. He can also play FS for us if needed
One more pick. BRING ME GOLDMAN
Says you. 
Lol, so much crap about the trade in media last few days and Titans wanted Mariota all the time.
Wait... the Browns with a safe, solid pick???
I'm all In for Dorsett. Grigs has only let me down a couple times.
You know what this draft could use? A few more commercials. I really feel like buying some stuff. 
Jay "John Locke" Cutler* 
U ok? 
Texans were possibly eyeing him. Not worth the risk if they really wanted him. 
Um not the same but two back to back #1 overall picks went to the same highschool. Reggie Bush and Alex smith of helix high...they were pretty good.
Redskins select Bruno Caboclo
Ummm...

Okaaaayy
What he say?
I'm definitely not counting them out.
Yeah but he was kicked off of a Chris Petersen team. Everyone knows that guy is a prick. 
you think we could see some eli manning shit go down?
I'm loving this pick. Hard to say yet if the trade was worth it, but there is still a lot of time for Denver to work on the O line.
i feel like he is legit a Torrey Smith clone type for the Ravens to replace Torrey lol
Just let 'em hate hate hate hate.
Isnt he the guy that didnt start Kurt Warner...
I didn't consider that, I guess your right. 

I think he'd play a lot like D-Wash, but they obviously both have similar issues. 
OH SHIT THERE'S MORE
I hope you're right. I had season tickets the year we went 0-12... I never want to go through that again.
Seriously WTF
ehh idk man. Hes definitely one of the most overrated prospects this year. Looks like Ozzie bit on the WR hype train for last year. Just Torrey 2.0 with worse hands. Jaelen Strong was right there
\>Dolphins

\>Seven Nation Army

wut
Basically, yeah. No one's touching him til he's cleared.
This is an important question
TRADE TIME^Maybe
The feels
It'd be funny if it was Glennon v Mettenberger.
Spurs winning 50 games
Imo Alvin is one of those black man names masquerading as a old-fashioned white name.... Like Malcolm or Dexter or Harold. Every one I've met has been a black man 
Gotta practice mispronouncing names.
He's been hurt. Hard to keep built. 
Okay. Solid pick. Hope he crashes and burns while he is with the Saints.
He just doesn't like the city itself.
All the way to the bank with $150 M
Here it comes. I'm so nervous.
We already have a wide receiver named Damrias Johnson. 
Randy Gregory suspended 4 games for substance abuse.
Bro, do you know who Justin Smith is? 
Thank God Ray Lewis isn't covering the draft. 
Thats a big dude.
Alright pick
Did Eisen just say Marioto? What is his fucking name anyway??
If the question was, "What team had the worst pick?" I would agree with you, but you're literally trying to redefine a word. You're right that you're entitled to your opinion, but I'm also entitled to disagree with it and tell you why.
Wtf
I don't like Ram surprises.
Great value pick here with Parker
Really Bucs? We're using all the time on the clock? Really? You've had 4 months. Let's pick up the pace. 
No we pass on an amazing player and take someone else.
"Rams haven't had a back they can feature since Eric Dickerson." Jeez, not high on Steven Jackson's whole time there, eh?
Alright Pace, don't fuck this up
Niners front office has more leaks than the fucking Titanic. Can't wait for Baalke to be fired in a couple of years...this fucker has torn down everything McCloguhan and Harbaugh built.
Does he think he's better than Tannehill
Wow raiders fans rejoice.
Haha, every NFC East team is going O-Line. Cowboys made them all jealous.
Thank God they didn't draft Kevin White but god damn where's he gonna fit in the defense? Still scary. 
Pretty much...
Hopefully Donta makes it back quick and at 100%
10/10
http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2448056-mike-mayock-2015-mock-draft-complete-results-from-nfl-network-draft-guru
Super happy for Jameis Winston
Iron on names.
In the spirit of the draft...

BOOOOOOOOOOO
So this is the next 3 hours of my life now. Great.
Come on Beasley... please fall to us..
I thought it wasn't great at first, but it actually seems like a good fit. Think about it - we need to move Casey Hayward to the outside to be our #2 corner. Then we need a slot corner or a middle linebacker. Most ILBs in the draft have a round two grade and we'd definitely be reaching for most of them (I think the Pack are high on Perryman). So getting a playmaker and someone as versatile as Randall at the end of the first round seems pretty solid.

Also, the Jalen Collins pick would have been absolutely terrible.
fuck off
I agree, but I guess they thought differently
Werner was our GMs BPA just like Dorsett is?
May switch to a 4-3
Browns?
Least surprising news thus far...Jed York wears a sweater vest
Just cross out Cooper
We'll trade you a 2nd rounder for him.
Wtf is happening?!? 
"Nothing can stop this kid!... except for an ACL injury!"-Chris Berman

Its nice to hear. 
those look like beats.
Some Fugees love in a movie commercial? Not bad.
Holy front seven.
Ya know, I didn't like the pick at first, but he could be damn good this year. 

I also feel pretty happy that the Colts still think that their offense is the problem with their team.
Isn't it on NFL.com?
His suit makes him look like a soda jerk from the 50s
and OLD GREEEEEG
money?
Is his walkup music flick of the wrist? Lmao
That hat is fresh
Oh shit. It does. So weird.
mariota vs winston week 1 should be good
In Ted we trust.
Wow, shocked they didn't get Bortles a WR to throw to. But when you're in a division with Andrew Luck, it's nice to have someone who can hopefully get to him
Traded down for extra picks and player in position of need, addressed a need, and drafted a high character guy.

Couldn't be happier with how today turned out.

Also I find it refreshing that a guy like Raolia is gone and Laken is coming in.
No gurley. Look at that
Lol I already ordered a jersey
A 5th this year, a 5th next year, and Manny Ramirez
Nevermind, @Godforshort is his Twitter handle, MetLife Monster is his IG
Goodell can't even pronounce Mariota's name, what a scrub. 
Yeah they pretty much have no one else. I think he'll be ok.
Plot twist. Raiders trade back up to take Williams
Seeing as he's been booed at every appearance, we're not alone
Waynes?
WILDCARD BITCHES 
Great pick, I think Beasley is going to be a BEAST in this league
Should I be offended? 
So much for that!
Sadly? That's just appropriate.
He did not
The Vikes said they wanted a CB, right?
Uhh, are you sure?
pls keep doing what you're doing
Oh shit. 
I'm sitting here on my break at work waiting for the 49ers pick... Now I have to go back and still not know what we are getting. 

Great move by Baalke. He's really great and getting draft picks for absolutely nothing. 

THANK YOU BASED JETS
"Wild ride formation"
Was there really not a chance he would be there at 17?
Everyone and their mother on twitter say you were going to take Gordon.
Game 4 on saturday was one of the best basketball games I've ever seen.
He's not a suspect though. Just asked to help in the investigation.
This is the spoiler thread...
Falcons might take Gurley
26*
Wrong.
Lol I agree. Miles Austin might have a prosthetic hamstring before this seasons over. 
I'm hoping gurley miraculously falls to 25. Love to see him as a panther.
WHO'S MARCUS MARIATO? GO HOME ROGER
If nothing happens in the next few minutes, AD will almost definitely be playing for the Vikes this year.
Ryan Kerrigan comparison for a #3, yikes.
i understand that but considering the chargers are more of a win now team i think they can afford to pass on those for a year or two
Fuck it. I hope Tampa times out. STOP WASTING TIME TAMPA
Is Texas A&M tackle "U" now? I feel like there's always a tackle from that school in the 1st round 
I'm relieved as an Eagles fan, and I'd be really pissed as a Titans fan for not taking our offer. It was an absolutely criminal deal.
> You can change your helmet, but only for certain reasons(like throwbacks). 

No you can't. Or at least the team can't force players to change anymore. And that includes throwbacks. This is why a few teams have scrapped the throwbacks, including the Cowboys. Notice how we haven't been in alts the last two Thanksgivings? We wear the regular Blues now rather than the normal white we wear at home. The helmets don't match the alts and they can no longer force players to wear new ones. 

I'm not even sure a player is allowed to swap helmets as he pleases. I'm sure they can request it on an individual basis though and be allowed for good reason. But again, throwbacks is not one of them.
Kush mang
DGB, calling it now. 
Goodell should just change his name to Roger 'Boooooooooo' Goodell. Might as well embrace it 
They must. But even if we weren't going to take him, why did we pass on Collins or Kendricks. Grigs was gushing over Collins, and this doesn't even fill any sort of need.
Im gonna say Bucs, they seem to have more offensive weapons than Tennessee. 
That's a Vikings move.
**I DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT I WANT TO HAPPEN AND ITS STARTING**
GOODELL LIFT.
Chip kelly would like a word about using his trademark
Shit

I actually want Duke Johnson, he's the next Jamaal Charles. 
Makes sense. If you're gonna lose a stud player, might as well replace him with one.
Williams dropping beyond the top 5 was not in my mind at all.
Yeah I'm sure the NFL cares about the troops and cancer (only one type mind you, and one that is easily marketable to a spendy demographic) 
Poor father

Moment of silence for that dad who needs a smoke
RIP Bucs
49ers need the extra picks just to fill personnel slots
Was there any doubt?
STOP ASKING FOR TRADE BECAUSE IF THERE IS ONE IT MIGHT BE MO
Foster is old (for a running back) and near the end of his contract
That would be absolutely terrifying. But I would love to see it.
With 1st pick overall the Tampa Bay Buccaneers select Connor McDavid 
Not the least bit worried, different beast.
Jets going to regret it if they pick Williams, White is the obvious choice
DJ Rich Eisen up in this piece
he wants the pick the cowboys selected to be a canine, whats so hard to understand?
[Chip Kelly right now.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dO1PYvloBtk)
It was. We needed to unload a few later round picks anyway because we had 10 of them and no way they'd all make the team anyhow. Also, because of this year's FA, we'll likely get a ton of comp picks next year too. This basically reduces our cap hit from unnecessary/unwanted places and gets us a guy we want.
Wow nice
Everyone buckle your seatbelt.
Lol he's coming buddy.
No surprises with the first pick... here we go its gonna get wild!
spoilers dick head
There is a lot of paper on the desk
God gets quite iraaaaate
duh, black widow is such a heroic, strong and useful character.

I went to highschool with Laken. Super nice guy! Wont have any attitude problems with him
Mariota is an automatic 2nd pick, no matter what. Trade him away for the Eagles' entire organization later if you want, but lock him up now.
WTF Panthers....
GOD DAMMIT. I WANTED HIM SO BAD.
Eagles select Bryan Bennett
How's it hanging?
well parker hasn't been picked yet... count out nothing
Ok, someone tell me who he is and why I should like this pick.
Buffalo selects.....
WHOA
Really? I'm currently in the band at the school he went to!
yessss please byron jones to the steelers!
He catches balls good
Oh he's terrible. I can't understand how he has a job. I can do his job. I can pull random names out of my ass too.
Finally
He tweeted "Ravens nation" so its a done deal 
If we win I don't care.

Also, orange pants for life
I made that same bet last year for only $20, I came damn close to getting that $20 for charity too. The Redskins guy never came to collect so I've still got $20 that's supposed to go to some DC charity.
Ayyyy
AND THE FUN BEGINS, BOYS.
But Williams...
Why are the redskins picking? Don't we have their first rounders until 2025?

Edit: Salty skins fans...
Better not post anything critical of him in our sub. I *should* be surprised to see his name on that list. 
Coop is fucking raw, I really hope he kills it
the NFC south doesn't actually care about having functioning defenses anymore
And leave Vic Beasley to us. Yes please
I thought he was white this whole time
A Trade!
Hopefully we get him
Are we drafting Gordon!?
I heard from my sources around 2 weeks ago that Eagles were not going to get Mariota. Any further rumors were just the media drumming up stories
WOOOOOO
Yay, I was right.
Omg, does the clock really have to be longer than 6 minutes? 
I don't think you understand what a reach is.

A reach is when you draft a player a lot higher than they were projected to go, not when you take a player at a position you don't need.
If Klis is right, I'm gonna cry.
Redskins select Brett Hundley
Ereck'd
Haha sorry
Damn. I really wanted him at 23. I really thought he was gonna be there then. What a weird draft so far. 
Wow, he's got a good head on his shoulders
How much different is this guy from HAHA. Are GB building some fucked up Tandeem that going to strike fear into our hearts for years to come, or is it just a coincidence. 
This draft is finally heating up
Whatever happens

Telesco knows best

15th for 17th and two late picks
you mean you fucking hope so*
[reference](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7v07zejHu1qkdfbto1_1280.jpg)
Hey Falcons. Your uniforms should follow that example.
Went with the non-sexy pick that we desperately needed

Hopefully Scherff is a great compliment to Trent
I just noticed that his salary went up from the $10-12mm he was getting to $44mm this last year (putting over $100mm over the last 5 years). Did he give himself a raise as last of the most recent collective bargaining agreement or are those things unrelated? 
We have the worst DT in the league? Since when? I know geno has regressed but damn hes still decent. Peko is meh as well but getting Olinemen for depth is an amazing thing, especially with the emergence of our running game. Hopefully we won't have to start someone like winston this year.
You are a class act. 

I obviously have work to do. 

Enjoy your gold. 
"If we can't protect our quarterback, neither can you."
Lol okay.
The Rams of the NBA
Holy shit, Tannehill is set.
*Woosh*
Very well could be. Only time will tell. I think Gurley ends up being a 3rd down back. 
> Zac Stacy

He was drafted in the 5th round.
I just had a vision of Blind Side protecting Cam from this guy. It wasn't pretty
For sure, i dont expect to beat you Bronies this year but if we use Murray more Then we have a fools chance
Go get some Chinese food and watch a movie
Rams, please don't take Shelton... please don't take Shelton... please don't take Shelton...
Whaaaat?
Dammit Vikes, I don't like you guys being good at this whole draft thing...
Ozzie is the best GM in the game, IMHO. I'll trust him over most anyone.
...Now if only the Bears had somebody who could throw the ball to Kevin White
All for us to still have 100+ yards against you guys
I wouldnt even be comfortable making that as a bet to that my username is Sampdel
That dudes hair growing out the side of his head makes him look like the Predator.
> Ybor

You pussy. You afraid of being shot or stabbed? 
What? Cooper is better for your team than Williams.
Ugh, sorry. I grew up with them being the Pac-10. I slip up a lot.
a decent receiver, but why...
He got to third base w your mom last night
Grigs probably isn't planning on paying TY. That is the only explanation.
I don't know what you are talking about. We haven't ever had a need to pick run stoppers for the D-line. That has been the Colts' strong suit for the past 20 years.

*sobs in the corner*
 I think the only knock on gordon is his pass pro and catching out of the backfield.
haha...sucks for the dude holding up a 5 jersey when the pick was announced
Sexual assault and theft? I honestly don't know much about him so please ELI5 how it got overblown.I don't even know the full story tbh 
Yes i am yes I am yes I ammmmmm
Well, the Redskins need a good DE to fight the new Eagles Quar.........

nvm
They tried to trade up but the Titans declined the offer. It was a pretty ridiculously big one too.
jets fans can spell out jets.. color me impressed
Trade down LOL
So if DL is a luxury why trade up for williams? Idk about you but wilhoite+bowman isn't inspiring at ilb as you have no clue if bowman will be the same. I'm also not sold on lynch+smith, but I guess that's solid. And your weapons are pretty pathetic tbh, as boldin is your only reliable receiver. 
Just waiting to see what pats got so I can go to bed. Hou 1st next year?
The Jags fans would cream themselves
Shouldn't have gotten my hopes up.
LANDON COLLINS
Stop taking all the Dline and Oline!!!!!
Only 1 can carry the ball at a time.
Maybe this is the no first rounder in 2 years talking but this is too much draft coverage. 
He wants a whole offense.
;-; y u only stream espn y *sobs*
Le wrong generation 
Did Gruden just say the last good Rams back was Dickerson?
Nah dude they picked Marioto, Mariota is still up there
Yeah I get you but I think you're being a little harsh on a guy who never had less than 1000 yards in a season for you (besides his rookie year)
True. The THC is primarily stored in fat tissue. Plus add in the constant conditioning and hydration, that THC probably goes through them like Culvers does to me.
Grats raidaz
I love how happy Gordon is. Guy truly loves the game.
Love the sense of humour
Roger Goodell couldn't even get a cheap pop at the beginning of the night, this night is gonna be long for him
Now you're stealing our shtick... 
Can't believe I hear GO PACK GO in Chicago. GO PACK!
Damn, why can't the Vikings and Bears be incompetent at the same time.
Fuck, we went with Armstead.
Its ok.
So. How do you feel right now? lol
Bucs and Winston were built for each other. Irrelevant player for an irrelevant team. A match made in heaven.
His pissed. 
If he went to a playoff team with a great line and all sorts of offensive weapons versus...whatever Tennessee has then yes, it would be different. I'm really bummed out about this outcome. Is there any chance he won't get murdered?
30 minutes for 3 picks

What an exciti-zzzzz
Best pick of the draft so far.
Who won the division this year? That's right the Cowboys
He's only had four months to figure out how to say the name of the consensus top two QB in the draft. CUT THE MAN SOME SLACK!
Ozzie cant draft WRs period.
No pun intended but maybe that is Reggie Miller's Reddit account
Sherrod snapped his leg in half. Not sure you can put that on Ted 
Hyde getting the vote of confidence with that trade that Tre Mason didn't 
I thought the Vikings would have got Flowers
Rapoport just reported something like Two 1st rounders, a 3rd rounder, Fletcher Cox, Boykin, Kendricks, more. Wow.
#WUT
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
goddamn right. I never really thought Williams was a possibility. Was sure he'd be gone in the top 4. But then somehow he slides to one pick ahead of us, and another team that already has an embarrassment of riches on the D-line does the arguably smart thing and drafts best player available. I can't be that mad at the Jets, they made the best move available to them. It just sucks to be so horribly teased. Again. 
I am absolutely livid
Wtf Titans, I wanted the Eagles to get recked in a trade.
Let the fun begin with pick #2
lmao those shoes are ridiculous
Do a lot of people here think he is going to be a bust?
Damnit
Interesting decision, is Denver really the right place for him tho?
Ok, *now* the Chip Kelly fun begins.
well, after wikipedia-ing him, I cannot dock the NFL for declining smart-as-fuck-guys (who aren't ryan fitzpatrick).
Melvin Gordon, I bet.
So these are the guys meant to bring the RB position back to past glory. I can dig it. 
HEYY MARCUS MARIOTO
And he just had a season ending injury
Tebow Time in Philly?
Now the news is Patriots moved up. Which is odd, because it's their pick. I'm confused.
I feel... angry. And cheated. And dumb. And drunk.

Baalke drafts by tape. His tape is shit. Why. Fuck.
Should have taken Roman Reigns
Not like Wilson needs one. He'll just scramble away from everyone for 20 seconds anyway.
Other way round bud. Remember Pugh?
Exam tomorrow otherwise I'd be down there
BREAKING: Tom Brady has announced his retirement from the NFL
Byron Jones pls. If he gets drafted he could just jump to Philly.
Wait, who?
He's playing corner.

They need an outside corner right now. It's a real need. They could have gone in a lot of directions, but this one is fine.
BEASLEY PLEASE
Damn, the Raiders might be... scary...
where were you when chip was kill
We got Luke, but TD is in his 30's after 3 ACLs. The guy is great, BUT if you need some insurance and you want to prime his replacement, why not go for a clone?
I want Williams 
Always go against what Mel Kiper says
I saw that too. Almost switched to ESPN immediately. One strike NFLN.
So he was at the draft?
I'm burning my Falcons shit if we don't pick Vic
Shit I wouldn't mind taking him if he's released. 
All I want from today is a crazy, unexpected trade. It would fit the tone of this offseason so well.
Mcginn has a history of being the best. He releases one and only one mock the week of the draft and usually hits 12+. It's not crazy it's low just because of the trade factor but I think the Bears pick threw a lot of people. 

Edit for the down vote happy:

5 years running

http://www.thehuddlereport.com/scoring/top100.shtml
No way. I think they go White to replace Marshall. But maybe they think D is that big of need. Still think it's White.

Edit: See. Gotta take that WR talent. 
MOTHERFUCKER...
Well Williams is a DT so it wouldn't really affect Mack, plus WR is a deep position in this draft, coulda grabbed a talented player later on, not as good as Cooper obviously, but still a talent. 
FLASH
Lane Johnson, Evan Mathis, Calvin Johnson,and JJ Watt
Agree but keep in mind you traded up to get him. 
Why didn't Green Bay draft this dude
Titans-Bucs week 1...
anyone else see that purple tie?
We traded with the team after Miami

Well yeah, we get rid of maclin, and then drafted him again.
Enjoy Patriots! 
goodbye everyone I will miss you RIP me
LOLOLOL WOW
It was only a matter of time, he deserves it. People need to stop with the crab jokes. 
...and Berman is a dick
I thought he was so awkward when he interviewed Beast Mode a couple years ago.
Yeah that's gonna be shitty for some years here.
It appears they're going the Rams route of killing all opposing quarterbacks.
###HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Detroit made out like bandits. They need OL bad and got a guy PLUS a pick. 
Fuck. Really wanted Bud. Seems like we could've have gotten a better OT with 31 than OLB. Pretty bummed really.
FLORIDA GOT CRABS
There are so many holes on the roster that cause them to be perpetual bottom feeders they cant afford to limit their incoming talent by drafting to need. Most teams use a rotation of interior lineman so it is not like they are set at DT for years to come. If they are passing up a player who they think is better it is a stupid pick. I assume they just think Flower is the best player available.
dudes gonna be bald soon lol
Hmm, not sure I like this pick.
Dreams
huh?
Take Mariota
You. I like you.
Chip Kelly just ragequit the draft.
I think that the GMs forgot about Williams.
ITS FAMIS JAMIS TO THE BUCS!
To the Eagles would be interesting. It would be a way of saying sorry to Chip for taking his guy.
Come on, you were drafted in the sixth* for a reason, one decent looking season isn't going to give you great value. Go out there and compete, young man. 

Edit: My bad, I thought he was undrafted for some reason, but he was taken in the sixth. Regardless, I don't think its fair of a second year player to try to leave the only team to really give him a chance. 
with their secondary troubles, and Claiborne busting this is a good pick. 

Im not high on Jones but obviously my opinion isn't worth 3 pennies
Titans , MAKE IT FUN
Those Raiders ones are fucking sick
Hahaha holy fuck
http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-04/enhanced/webdr06/15/9/anigif_enhanced-14554-1397568033-5.gif
4 sacks in 3 years? Really? Fuck You Baalke!
Yep, every time he goes up. 

Edit: fuck goodell
The last ten or so picks I was thinking how neat it would be if Malcolm would fall to the Pats (I went to UT). I can't believe it actually happened. Today is a great day.
...Best CB at 18
....Not a homer
HERE WE GO MOTHERFUCKERS
Welp, time to watch the Spurs game. Still gonna watch this thread though. 
wow the ghost of Al Davis is strong
You can't grill a porterhouse or drink a bunch of beer when your wife is home?
Seems really hard to root against
I HOPE EVERYONE OTHER THAN MY TEAM MAKES BAD DECISIONS TONIGHT!
is he good
Assuming we stay put, I'm betting we take Shaq Thompson
Jaelen Strong coming up for Baltimore, I think.
[Goodbye, Manny :(](http://www.gfycat.com/LinedAlertCattle)
Should Tampa be getting an ANUSTART license plate?
Winston will wear number 3 for the Bucs. LOL to the guys that already bought Winston number 5 jerseys.
He already does that in plenty of other ways. No reason to start doing it at the draft also.
Your girlfriend sounds kinda shitty
Maybe it'll be a Manning!

And maybe it'll be a Leaf..
He has cooties
The next team can pick before them if they submit it first I believe.
That was a little touching. Gurley almost couldn't hold it together talking about his injury and what he has gone through. 
Yup. All SF has to say is: "(Insert team) is offering so-and-so, do you want to beat their offer?" Easy.
Predictable, but boring.
Pick what you guys will do (which he did). It doesn't mean he has to think its the right move.
I've done all they've given me but they're not sure how to help an athlete since they're not used to people taking the therapy too seriously. I've been on the treadmill and bike but it still feels so weird, unnatural and clicks all the time.
FINISH HIM! 
Insane value.

Jets actually didn't draft like the Jets.
Chin up dude. LinkedIn and just ask people in your industry for advice/to get coffee. 
That I do! I'm 0 for 2 tonight haha. It will be delivered tomorrow if that's ok.
We pick again in 13 picks
Bears can't get rid of the guy lol. He will play against GB twice haha
it's waaaaay too confusing
Don't forget the hoodie.
I don't even know what to say. It's a little early to intimidating the rookies isn't it?
hahahaha
Jets fans: Remember what we taught you.. remember what we taught you.

Goddell: The Bears select

Jets fans: *Remember*

Goddell: Kevin White!

Bears fans: YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY

Jets fans: WHAT!? WHAT DID WE TEACH YOU? THAT'S BULLSHIT. **BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
Gurley's mine. Let him drop. Thank you.
Meh. I don't like his change of direction or his inability to tackle. Much rather have Marcus Peters.
JETS FANS LITERALLY HAVE NO LEGS TO STAND ON WHEN IT COMES TO DRAFT TALK. 
Williams Watch CONTINUES
Please tell me that Ramirez sucks.
They better televise that. 
I can only lie to myself and Women(when I wasn't married) I was upset about passing Williams. Then Gypsy came by and educated me. I am beginning to believe you are Mr McKenzie himself, or at least the never spoken of triplet. Thank you for the breakdown.
Mariota has the best draft attire/accesories in draft history imo. 
One Mettenberger, please. 
Jokes are lost on saints fans apparently
Steelers ain't getting a CB in the first round unless we reach huge now.
I swear Jaguars, if you pick Williams I'm gonna commit sudoku.
Get Jerry on the phone. 
UK fan, I'm going to bed for 3 hours, hope they don't pick it up too much
Helping out Greg Jennings. Nice
Kevin White reminds me of Kelvin Benjamin with a higher ceiling, but a lower floor.
At least he has a sense of humor.
He can opt out of his contract after this year.
Damn it, Vikes are gonna take Parker 
We used to go into every draft hoping for a sweet qb. It seems like most of us are ok with drafting pretty much anyone now
Seahawks have 11 picks in the draft. 11!! There is a very high chance tomorrow the Seahawks are trading into the 50s, and Laken would have been a possibility. There are 7-8 players that the Seahawks are willing to trade up 10-15 spots for. 
That's still pretty good
YES. 
Steelers or Jets
Great job Titans very wise decision!
Thats a good possibility I guess.
If we didn't ignore other blatant needs I wouldn't mind it.
Gruden needs to start calling him Melvin.
[c'mon Farmer. We need a WR.](http://i.imgur.com/9hOR7s0.gif)
I'd pay you to watch that horse fuck her. Now how do you feel. 
Solid pick 
I'll take one Leonard Williams please
Stephanie has less hair?
Breshard Perriman, KC!
I'm thinking somewhere just after Seattle but just before Tampa's second pick. 

Somewhere in that range sounds about right.
Jones, Easley, Brown and Nink on the line, with Mayo, Collins and Hightower behind. 
Everybody gets enticed by glitz and glamour, but a great line can turn average/above average QBs and RBs into great players. I dig it. 
If the niners wanted him they wouldn't have traded with us
And if not, he rides the pine and replaces linemen when they need a break. Oh well. 
I wanted Bud Dupree 
jacknicholsonnod.gif
I mean moving Strief to 6, not drafting for it. And yes, Saints do. Its essentially our main run formation. 
Welcome to the fucking show Jameis. Luke will be around to meet you soon. 
[Do 2 green people your quota for diversity?](http://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/seahawks.jpg)
Duke Johnson
He's not coming to the NFNN!
Ha......ha......ha.....
Lol the denial is real in that sub
Wow talk about gambling. Riverboat Rams.
Aight. We lost the Super Bowl :>
Rappaport and ESPN are still saying NE at 32, right after New Orleans. 
Let's send the kid who couldn't avoid pot the week of the NFL draft to Denver!
That's ballsy considering that was the best performing rookie WR class in history. 
It does. 
**BOOOOOOOOOO**
It's like the NFL is trying to help the Browns like Regis in WWTBAM when the contestant would guess wrong and Regis would stall and be like "Is that REALLY your final answer?" 
Wasn't Winston's something about his grandma or someone being unable to travel and wanting to be able to share this with his family? I'm pretty sure that's what I heard.
And there it is.
Now all they need is a QB, they can look forward to getting one in next years draft!
Hoping the Giants get a cornerback or something. Gurly is going to be a monster.
Surprising lack of trades in the top 10 this year. Or maybe my expectation were too high.
Wow Randall/ HaHa safety tandem for the next decade.
That war room cam looked...interesting
I mean, it's a 59fifty style hat. Same as every other 59fifty hat. I will say though, I ordered mine off Amazon from some seller and it's tighter than my other 59fify hats even though it's the same 7 5/8 size. It's not too tight to wear though, so not a huge deal. Don't know if it's a one off thing or if all the draft hats run a tad small. 

I love it though. I was weary of the 'metalic' logo when I first heard about it, but it's not overdone and actually looks really good imo. Go to your local hat place and see em in person before buying, even if you plan to buy online, you'll at least know what you're going to get. I live in the St Louis area and Lids didn't have my size in Cowboys, but I liked the look so I went home and ordered on Amazon.
Haiku
Eh... He's been extremely good for the Rams when playing and they've been ass. 0 faith in avoiding injury sure. Ability is no question.
Well at least the defense will be on point next year
Frankly, it would be an improvement.
They do
I can live with the falcons picking an outside linebacker.
Hence why I wrote Marioto.
Did Gruden just insult SJax and Faulk by saying this is the first true Rams RB since Bettis?
I could go in forever, but the LG over are not as bad as people perceive them to be. LT is suspect for sure, but finding a good LT rookie is the second hardest position to find behind QB. Calling it a reach is ignoring the fact that the players behind him are better. 

Gettleman fully trusts his board and lives and dies by it. In the two years of his drafting, he has been questioned with his picks and they've shown to be amazing selections. 
Jets are probally gonna pick White? Leonard gonna slip down
Up next everyone's fan favorite: THE BROWNS. 
Dan Snyder, you done goofed.
*1, 2, and ..... Mariotto learned wing attack*
I believe it, I just appreciate irony when i see it
Can't out-pick the Rick.
thanks for filling me in! im trying to contain my excitement now, but the Ducks also just scored and went up 3-0... later Hiller!! WOOOOOO!!!!!
They act like they're sad Ray and his dumb hats aren't there. Hahah 
God damn. Smith, Rhodes, and now Waynes. Young dangerous secondary.
>asswhole 

Wow 
Shaq is an absolute beast. He very much is that player. He'll be one of the steals of this draft, I'm very jealous.
Patriots trade out of the first.
He was already out of a job.
Hey Kiper, get some of the DEEZ NUTZ! 
Here we gooooo.
How do you say Louisville?
Look at me, I am the quarterback of this team now.
not according to anyone but Gruden and by extension reddit. There's risk in just about every pick. 
I mean damn we need a number 1 receiver, but Williams. Well congrats skins.

*edit: Nevermind, now where the hell is Williams going?
Andy will set him right. We got a great locker room. 

And Waynes is way overrated.
PICK OR TRADE???

TWO MINUTES LEFT.

HOW YA FEELING, PHILLY???
Just because they never do what people have expected the last 4 drafts
WTF???
LT was best when fucking over the Raiders, so had he played for you guys he probably would have fumbled a lot or ran the wrong way or something. 
Its probably because that road has been under construction for last 50 years it seems like
I don't even care if we somehow end up with Fowler, Williams & Cooper, I'm still booing internally lol
It worked once didn't it haha
WILLIAMS FALL TO 17!

GUYS WHAT IF LEONARD WILLIAMS FALLS TO THE STEELERS
I really like Gordon, but giving up 2 picks for it? Not so sure, also I'm no expert on the Bolts but is running back their biggest need? Even if it was I don't love giving up picks to draft a back that high, especially one that has questions about whether his production came largely from system. Either way their offense should be really good next year.
Or Johnson. I'm loving this so much.

Baalke will probably say "fuck it" and draft Latavius Baraladingdong from University of who the fuck is this guy though.
Lol Boomer's acting like all of Hawaii will be at every Titans game now.
CMON DUDE
If we're talking about Arik Armstead everyone pretty much knew he was going to the 49ers. He's been mocked to them for what feels like a couple of months now.
Perriman should give up on having hair. 
I haven't felt this angry and confused about a Colts WR pick since Reggie Wayne. And that turned out ok I guess.
Fowler to the Jags?
Holy shit, we're fucking stacked. 
Just announce Winston so the real draft can take place. 
Better get my bets in.
What a Fintastic pic by the Dolphins! Did not think he was going to be there. 
Just wearing tons of Hawaiian leis.
It peaked at the Blain Gabbert signing.
Hahhahaha! What?
Blah so many commercials...
Ummm WHAT?!?!?
The reason they're a losing team is because they're making boneheaded decisions like this. If they had a clue they'd sign a veteran to play this season in front of Mariota and let him learn. Instead he's going to get thrown to the wolves and flounder. He's lost pretty much any chance of being successful.

Not all QBs start as rookies. In fact a lot of the most successful QBs in NFL history sat on the bench their first season or longer.
Titans, you know you want to pick a punter. Do it. 
Roger Goddell says: WELCOME TO THE NFL DRAFT! It's NFL Draft Time baby!

They could get desperate trade offers in those 10 minutes
[Damnit](http://img.pandawhale.com/89754-SHEEIT-gif-Clay-Davis-The-Wire-R90q.gif)
[Games can end in a tie](http://i.imgur.com/plrNpUW.png)?
Ugh, only 7 picks away...
Not watching it and even though I don't think you're being facetious, I'm picturing Gruden saying "this right here is another guy who is a real football player."
Well.. They can still trade him..
0mG naise!!!##
My man
A WIDEOUT!!! OOOO.

Also disappointed Bears fans didn't booooooooo.
Maybe they're not smoking it right.
I wouldn't call it class so much... more like the reaction one has after letting out an awkward fart at the dinner table
I heard all he has going for him is his speed, i hope that's not the case
Wha....are you trying to say the Bears have really good defensive backs too?

That comment was just confusing
for the first hour was their caveat
You mean with San Diego trading up for Melvin Gordon, and with JJ Watt being a defensive superstar, UW GOAT first round school :P
No trades this year? Come on, GMs, step it up!
I think we all knew deep down it was going to happen
If you strong, I'm strong. We strong den.
Espn only talked about cooper. Didn't even mention Williams. They called it
The Jets: if they can't have a QB, no one can
..........Not happy.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hey I like Cutler actually, I was just trying to make a crappy joke. I think he get's far too much criticism.
He's got runaway from the cops speed!
Good. He's a high-class individual, and it's okay to root for Duke football.

That being said: **FUCK DOOK**
Fuckkkkkkk
What is wrong with Williams??
Calm down, Jericho.
so Raiders go for Williams or Cooper?
How do you fuck up a name everyone has been saying for 6 months.
Geez, I didn't think Ramirez was bad.
Hide you QBs, Hide your RBs....
Come on vic!
Really comfortable. A nice spring hammock of a draft.
Tradition
Where was the red light?
Kansas City is now for its eternal light. The gateway arch is actually a gateway to the sun.
That's what I expected.
I think Miami takes a WR here
Going 5o be so good
He is very technically gifted in the pass rush if that's the right term. Very quick and very good at pulling moves on linemen.
"Weed will calling his name to and from practice, good fit for this defense" - Josh gordon
Fuck i hope the cowboys dont get byron jones...
Who are the Rams going to pick?
So much for Eric Kendricks

Denver's pass rush is gonna be disgusting
Kendricks is quite good in coverage
Of course we did. 
You're talking about Torrey Smith I assume. In my eyes the Ravens are getting a cheaper (right now at least) version but with so much more upside. If he takes time to develop correctly he will be a stud, and way more than Torrey Smith. I think he can. He seems to have a great mindset. He kind of reminds me of Eddie Lacy in his interviews. 
EAGLES NEVER CEASE TO AMAZE
I think they want to see if they can get Winston or not before they pull the trigger 




Because hot damn I want that deal 
Networks bring the picks out on stage a few minutes after the picks are in, so they can get the jersey ready and all that shit. It always leaks out a couple minutes ahead of when Goodell announces
lol yeah I know. I think this might be a prime example of BPA, because we definitely had bigger needs.
Damn. That's still alot more than I expected. Never noticed that high of a trade count. Thanks. 
Fucking Raiders
Tom Brady
BAH GAWD, GOODELL! THAT MAN HAD A FAMILY!
Replace Wayne? Good luck kid
http://www.agendamag.com/content/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/park_rec1.jpg
My god this draft slowed down
why are they delaying the picks so much, no one cares about the Deion Sanders interviews 
Peyton may have to get a little more mobile this year.
I was one of the three (two?) Jets fans who got on camera booing. I haven't seen the video yet of me in it though.
Gotcha, thank you. I wouldn't draft a project at 9, but I'm no GM. He will probably be a beast in time, then. 
Did you know Boyhood was filmed over the course of 12 years?
#Pick is in. No trade.
DROP DEM SHOES CHIP
I'm kind of nervous because apparently the colts FO is "ecstatic". We probably have a big trade that will be finalized by Saturday.
ooooh I dunno bout this. Dolphins fans?
But Luck has rarely been "pulled" or played less than 3 quarters in a game. 

I don't even know why I'm defending RG3. 
C'mooon, we need some trades or hilarious reaches
Goodell can't even pronounce Mariota's name correctly. What a tool.
coopa trooper, williams or trade down, can't loose.
I'm so happy about this
*FUCK*
There is almost 0 chance he doesn't play RT by week 1.
Like a grocery store advertising in a restaurant.
Money on Money
That would be a terrible move. 
You know this will be deleted
who the fuck is Cedric Ogbuehei?
Dang... Really didn't want to see the Vikings grab Waynes
Trade downs are only an option if other teams want to trade up.
Clay, if we need him to be there. It's not ideal, but he should be there if we need him to be. Plus he was more productive, even in the sacks department, after we moved him to the middle. Plus TT could be easily thought that he could get better value at ILB in the second or later rounds. Plus Hayward isn't garunteed to be a good outside corner and shields was was shaky last season
Or you know.. depth...
Pretty much yea. I'm way too goddamn nervous to find out what we do with the pick
Titans taking Mariota

Jacksonville taking Fowler
Any Cowboys fan with any sense knows we need defense anyway
My man Jon Gruden is throwing more jabs tonight than you will see in the whole mayweather vs pacquio this weekend
Best case scenario: he turns out to be like the Brandon Flowers of old
FINALLY A TRADE
Predator
Listen. You keep your hands off my man. That's my man over there, Marcus Peters. I get a little *bitchy* when you touch *my* man! Don't look at him or girl I'll bitchslap you back to the Land Before Time, you holla back bitch!
What's the mood in NO after this one? Needed for Brees, or did you want another?
I knew right after I wrote that that someone would correct me with the right time haha
Especially Bettman, fuck that guy.
I'll be ok with one of the following:

1. Parker
2. Byron Jones
3. Marcus Peters
4. Dupree
4. Trade DOwn
With the 20th pick of the 2015 NFL Draft, the Philadelphia Eagles select..."Blank Space," Single, TSwift.
It has happened before the pick is skipped they lose that draft pick.
Pick is in - COMMERCIAL!
#Time to pull out the AC/DC shirts... ^^Sorry ^^Leo...
WAY TO KEEP UP TRADITION!
One of the few reliable linemen we had. Kinda pissed. 
If Williams goes to the Jets that D-line would be OP'ed. Godell should nerf that
Let's see how you guys do this year. I hope you have a decent season this year. 
I think he's trying to start his own NFL franchise 
That's actually really good. A starting guard and two 5th rounders to get a guy with off field issues. As a rival I'm about as happy as I can be with the Broncos' decision. 
I don't think it's nearly as urgent as CB. Brandon Carr is mediocre and overpaid, Mo is just bad and some people are afraid to admit it. Scandrick is really all we've got unless Carr is willing to take a pay cut next year.

I'm confident that we can get a decent RBBC with some combination of McFadden/Randle/Williams/Dunbar. I certainly wouldn't mind picking someone up in the second, but I agree with Jerry Jones when he says that we would be okay to come out of the draft without a RB.
RIP BMW
lol they have shane ray at new york? ohh boy...he might have to wait a bit 
It just got shut down! :-(
Incoming Shaq jokes...
4 picks in 35 mintues? Not that fast.
Thank you Jaguars for giving us Williams and Mack 
._.
Gregory, Kendricks, DGB, Strong, Eric Rowe, Bernardrick McKinney, Tevin Coleman, Eli Harold, all three players named Collins (T La'el, CB Jalen, S Landon), TJ Yeldon
"What's an offense?" - Rex Ryan

"What's an offense?" - Eric Mangini

 "What's an offense?" - Every Jets fan at this point
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW?!
That's what it sounded like.
A lot of mocks had him to us at 9. 5 seems high but I guess they really like him
Grunden just rubbing salt in dat wound. 
wut. 
Sonny Weaver is love Sonny Weaver is life. 
I swear to God if the Bears get Leonard Williams...
Gurley almost made me tear up
Not worth shit with tannehil
Well, doesn't have to worry about getting arrested for it, only has to avoid the test...just spitballin' here, don't really know. I would hope he's staying away from that shit. 
That's your personal opinion. Plenty of mocks had Dorsett going around where he did. 
Lol Shelton sacked Goodell
Two backs in the first round? Guess the RB position is back
One pick away from being on the crawler at the bottom GET HYPE
[**@jeffphowe**](https://twitter.com/jeffphowe/)

> [2015-05-01 03:15 UTC](https://twitter.com/jeffphowe/status/593976927779688448)

> Patriots draft Malcom Brown at 32

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Eagles boners die everywhere
SToKed
Plus she has great tits.
Is NE awake? 
nah, black, red, and gold looks good... they just didn't pull it off.
117th overall and a 6th I think.
god damn it espn i was eating
We needed some depth and a replacement for when Mack possibly opts out of his contract next year.
[nice one josh tillman](http://i.imgur.com/5zFWiBG.gif)
JJ Watt has a new "friend" now! 

Also: ROOKIEBOWL2015 GET HYPE!
Isn't Jordan Matthews 6'3"?
hahahahahahahahah how did Goodell fuck that up?
Williams or Cooper confirmed. Nice.
Isn't it not too late to trade him for picks since he was going to go number 2 anyways? Now there's a lot more time to work on the compensation for him?
You'll be just fine in Colorado, Shane.
U
For courage
Him and Von Miller will be scary good
OH THAT RARE COMBINATION OF QUICKNESS.
What is the Rams surprise...
who cares, there was a fucking trade holy fuck
Meh I don't like that pick
I'm tellin you the facts - cuz that's how I picked Shaq!
Dad, what are you doing here?
I've been around for 4 years, it's gotten significantly worse every year, but two years ago it blew up significantly. I believe once the sub broke 100k subscribers it took a huge nose dive in content and conversation.

Check out /r/nflroundtable. It's much better for discussion. This sub is not the place you want to be to have intelligent talk
Had to get someone to replace Marshall. 
Did SD really think he wouldn't be there in 2 picks?
Look, we *just* met. I don't like you like that.
yep 
bruh. he hasn't even played a single snap yet.
YISSSDDD
YES MARCUS MARIOTA
OH damn. Nice.
A man's gotta have a code. 
Dude I get this intense Cinnabon cravings from time to time. I need that Jizzy goodness.

Do you like louis ck?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-N1MoKF31mg
"Way to mispronounce a QB's name" - Paul Tagliabue.
Good move for Miami I think. Him and Landry should be a good duo for Tannehill. 
I really like this Laken guy
RIP Chip Kelly.
I wore that same suit to prom
Stop talking! 
Damn thats a pointy chin
Gruden just made Kiper his bitch.
Egg?
yes
Boldfaced Prediction: Patriots move up to high 20s, grab first running back in the draft ^jk ^we'll ^probably ^trade ^down ^to ^20 ^round ^5 ^picks.
lol that falcons game.
anything that makes uw sports look better lol.
Poor poor kid
Without question... Parker would have just been luxury but we have to know what we have at WR before investing a first round pick at the position. Potentially the top CB in the draft to pair next to Rhodes is much more pressing. 
I liked the boos when he was about to announce it
lol I can't tell what reaction that was.
I hate them but that jersey is sick!
I hate this wait... I love this shit 
Lemme get dat


He'll be gone by the 3rd. Ya'll motherfuckers underestimate the value of a starting LT
Polumbo being replaced?
Saying he's not smart in general would be a false statement as he's a good student academicly. He just needs to learn on the football side of things. 
Fowler is the most complete Beasley is best athlete.
Tanney don't need shit, he's good with with his laundry. 
lmao someone edited Shaq Tho.psons wiki to tell his phone number
@RavensInsider: Amari Cooper visited every team in the top 10 with the exception of the Oakland Raiders, team that just drafted him 
Want a WR? 
Skins should have traded down. He's not worth a top 10 pick.
YEEEEEHAAAAWWWW
Or like...100%...
What will Chip now give the Titans for Mariota? They're out of picks and Bradford value are going down!
[Chip Kelly right now](http://i.imgur.com/8cS4MXl.gif)
Lol raiders saying they can't formulate sentences yet you can't spell. 
Treat him well... *sniffles*
Gruden loves everyone, Kiper thinks everyone is overdrafted
Patriots in 2011. The leading guys were Dion branch, welker, and danny woodhead. 
I'm gonna go ahead and say probably not.
For Bradford and Tebow
C'mon Hickey. Tanney needs Parker 
And the best elitists out there baby!
She deserves it. Altho I'm sure ESPN was behind that-her producers.
Oh god please don't do something stupid.
Disagree. I've said this all over /r/nygiants Schreff is just another Pugh. A natural top level guard who can okay tackle but not all that good. 
A 6'6", 230 lb 3-4 OLB? I wouldn't draft him in the first at all. He's about as big as Calvin Johnson or Dorial Green-Beckham. He _should_ be 260ish.
http://i.imgur.com/dK8bnhJ.gif
Who do you think the Bengals take? Malcom Brown fills a bigger need, I think Dupree is a better player. Has to be one of those two guys I would think, I'm leaning towards Dupree, but they did get Johnson back.
Cool beans. ITTIT
Marcus Mariato How the fuck could you \fuck up like that! holy shit!
They said he wouldn't be a first rounder. Went eighth.
LB 
DAT 40 TIME
Oh my god, that was too good. The awkward pause, waiting for him to come out.
york's bald spot
Not a fan of his game but good value pick.
NFL network is freaking out I think Alex Flannigan is in San Diego
congrats on Beasley Falcons.

I can't imagine they pass on him.
He might be our backup. Travis Swanson is ready
lmao nfl.com stream guy saying taking williams 2 overall
Stopped drafting, started banging strippers.
Snapple Apple is legit. 
Meh
What's the news on Collins? murder charges or something?
WHAT?!?!? DID ANYONE SEE THAT COMING?
5 rings 
Is he a Mormon or just a general (Baptist?) bible lover.

You're welcome
Adding fuel to the flames of trade drama
 #12 according to ESPN
Vikes are making their pick. No trade.
Wow the Browns are drafting to be healthy. This is a nice salad pick its boring and no one wants to but you need the big guys
With the #6 pick, we might have picked up a Hall of Famer. BPA, BPA...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!! Sorry, dude!
Will this be the year Mayock and Eisen finally fight each other then have glorious makeup sex on tv?
Kind of reminds me of this other team located in Dallas, Texas. 
I think you mean Big Nasty! 

He's actually in the pro football hall of fame. And he's helped a lot of Tampa charties.

Some of the links are broken but you can read about him here: http://www.bucsnation.com/2011/9/21/2438777/the-tampa-bay-buccaneers-boldest-fan
Tackles always get tepid reactions. 
"I was saying Gooooo-dell."
Adam Schefter reported the Niners Chargers trade like he was announcing JFK was dead. 
You jinxed us. Was the playoff win not enough for you??
I definitely think he is capable and I have to say I was salivating at the thought of Leonard Williams possibly falling to us. I love Alshon and White because they are similar receivers, but White is much quicker and will be able to get better separation than Alshon and Marshall could last year.
Andrus Peat: "The Beyonce of tackles"
Can someone explain to me what the point of trading up for a running back is?

The last few years have shown that you can get a decent running back in the mid rounds. Unless you're getting a special talent, what's the point of trading up for one?

Do they not remember Ryan Matthews?
I think Johnny is their coke machine
idk what to do with my hands right now.
Panning out could mean nothing more than being a competent NFL starter for 5 years.

The rumored deals were worth of a hall of fame QB.
Lucky redskins
Lol Eli Manning Tramp Stamp. Who the hell is this chick?
must be dumber than Eli
And there better not be an 'S' in your pronounciation.
Obviously you don't know our team. JJ Jansen is a probowl long snapper.

Please don't talk about stuff you don't know. /s
Am I the only one that actually like this? This guy might have been BPA and more playmakers can never hurt 
Pretty much no one did I assume, they all look at just a stat line and that's it

Mett looked more than fine to give a go for next season. Should've taken the picks imo
Who expected a thread about the NFL Draft to not contain draft spoilers? 
FUCK YOU ATLANTA THAT WAS OUR PICK
That man right there is a Super Bowl MVP
This is going to be an amazing pick for the Patriots. Absolutely amazing player, going to be dominant.
dont forget about dre
Seriously people, make a trade. Oh and the giants offense is more scary
Wow I am surprised. 
Lol like we were gonna trade up 17 spots to take him
Well if I must play Monday morning QB, I think there was always interest in him, but we wouldn't move up to get him; and that's apparent since we moved back, risking losing him to someone else. So we still got him, and some extra draft picks. Plus we have Dockett and its looking more like Cowboy is coming back, so he can develop and work into the rotation. I don't think it's a bad pick. I think we'll go corner next; maybe Byron Jones?
Are you fucking kidding me Elway?
Come on man I don't want that in my history.
that just means tebow shot the guy that lived. 


Lol. I'd like to think he returned it for a TD anyway but I know that's not true. 
It sounds like he wanted to say Mario but realized he was at a real event halfway through.
Its not like we are missing anything
Good pick Jags.
Just announce the pick, there's a backup of them now
THAT'S BECAUSE THE FIREMAN LEFT
Harbaugh and Ozzie said his issues were coachable. 
Well I mean sure, they can still get him, but I'm sure Tennessee is also excited about their young new QB
How bad was your life?
Yeah Clay Travis can totally eat a dick.
I like the draft in Chicago. No drunk Giants/Jets fans booing the Eagles pick like every year.

Flair up Titans fans.
Chris Berman is so corny
He'll be moved to Right Guard or Tackle and be a solid backup to Mack should he get reinjured or leave. Not sure why you would view this as questionable.
the hell...
Hey we're stopping by the fat guy store, anyone else want anything?
Oh god, don't make me wear a Chiefs jersey....
what a freaking steal

Definitely, especially because there are so many teams desperate for a quarterback.
Maybe they can keep a QB healthy now. 
Man, that is not good even a little bit
.#AllPizzasMatter
Haha I actually did like the Cowboys when I was a kid. Then I learned the error of my ways and gave it up when I was a teen.

I live near Philly and couldn't be that much of a fraud to switch to the Eagles, so now I just watch to be entertained and follow players I like. It's actually quite refreshing. 
Lol god damnit
HELLO "I LIKED/BELIEVE IN BRADFORD THE WHOLE TIME" TWEETS
What if he's on the board, but the Raiders take someone else instead?
I knew we would draft him. I didn't want to draft him but we did. I knew when I finally combined Baalke's boner for long guys and when they said no matter what happens with smith the plan was the same. That means they wanted a project to turn into a good DE, not a immediate starter.

This also free is up to draft Strong/DGB next round because the DL question is now "solved" (at least from Baalke's point of view). We can grab a corner or ILB in the third. Everything is fine. Baalke is a better day 2-3 drafter anyways. 
Jags aint fucking around
Schefter suggesting a Rams surprise coming 
Good. Very good.
Yeah, they can all play all the spots on the line, and we can have Harrison and Douzable rotating in. 
Is it possible for them to trade him tonight after drafting him?
Yeah, that was a bad interview. 
Why is he so mad about the Raider QB? 
E WRECK


I like Nelson better kid has speed and he is a very humble underrated player
Caps on PP
Another receiver for the Colts? Don't they have other, way more pressing needs?

Also, I think that seals the deal that Andre will probably be relegated to a limited role, at least by season's end.
Imo high. It was a smart move. Tennessee is forcing the eagles to deal with them.
Rest Shazier against the Browns so he's 150% going against the Ravens. 
Nice Gurley, top 10.
Hahahahahahaha
the extra chairs are for a wide receivers to pay a visit as well. We know how effective they were running routes.
Woof
I'm your huckleberry
pick is in
Jax pick is in.
Dat NFC East OL arms race
Same way [this guy got his lid on](http://i.huffpost.com/gen/197275/TROY-POLAMALU-HAIR-INSURED.jpg)
So fucking happy. 
FUCKIN CARR BOMBS!
TRADE HIM AND 19 FOR A 2ND ROUNDS AND A TWO THIRD ROUND FROM THE SEAHAWKS GO GO GO GO 
[Deadspin report on subject(Not an entirely trustworthy source)](http://deadspin.com/something-weird-is-going-on-with-randy-gregory-1701010088)
Noo Goddell shut my stream off! BOOO
Og-buoy rofl
By my count it was 3:42 between the pick being handed in and and being announced. 
thx bro
Don't they have Mason? Why would they draft another RB?
More like rg or rt
It's best player available. The best teams always draft BPA. If Gurley is there, he will absolutely be BPA. Some analysts are saying he's legitimately the single best player in the draft, period. 
Maybe you forgot but "IMO" means "in my opinion". 
What the fuck are we doing!
Mariota with that haircut looks like a 80s movie bad guy
It must be a DB's dream to be in a defensive unit with Clowney and Watt rushing the passer
Welcome to the fam. Skol

You wanted Gordon?
Those are so sexy.
[Just gonna leave this here...] ( http://www.gfycat.com/SarcasticGlaringFalcon)
Likely working out a trade with New Orleans.
I already live here motherfucker.
Eh. This is the media still trying to create Mariota-Eagles commotion. They are going to try to milk this for a while.

I really doubt it.
We already have Burnett that pairs with Haha.
I really hope Laken Thompson succeeds, he seems like a great person
These afc east matchups will be slobber Knockerz 
BROWNS
Fuck espn. C town fans hate the 4 letter. 
All the outlets are getting the info, but the NFL has an agreement with most of them to keep their mouths shut until it becomes public, as to not kill the suspense.
With our personnel it would make more sense I think
If you think you have a franchise QB on your hands you have to give him help. Best pick in my mind. 
[Titans beat writer reporting that the team is not trading Mariota](https://twitter.com/jwyattsports/status/593939098332692480)
Not if youve failed a drug test, arrested, or cited with possession. Once youre tagged by the nfl they randomly test the shit out of you all the time. 

Otherwise they pretty much get a free pass.
From the U! 
You should feel good, Trae is an absolute stud of a CB!
With 5 seconds to spare! Jets like cutting it close, I see
gutted
no he really doesn't.
AND IIIIIIIIIIIIIII NEVER THOUGHT THAT THIS WOULD HAPPEN!

Good pick I think. I'm excited to see what he can do. 
Whatever bro
When's the next time you will be watching NFL Network? 

If it's anything like me............tomorrow morning. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_NFL_draft#Trades (11 in 2014)

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_NFL_draft#Trades (12 in 2013)

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_NFL_draft#Trades (19 in 2012)

Either King fucked the math or my count is off because that gives me an average of 14.

*edit: it appears King's tweet either originally read 14 and OP typo'd the title or King edited it so my accusation of fucking up the math may be wrong. But as /u/enryK below points out, that's counting a swap of first rounders twice, whereas the same method would leave us with 4 this year and not 2. So who knows. 
YES! LETS GET BUD
Giants bracket is all busted
ooo who's this bob marley? he sounds like a promising young musical talent.
FUCK A MARIOTA TRADE WOULD HAVE BEEN SO GREAT
If they were going to trade him, they would've done it when they could still get known picks. Next year they don't know where the Eagles(Or any other team)will draft so it doesn't make sense to trade for them. Without picks a deal doesn't get done and the best shot is gone currently. 
Not much of a surprise there. They'll definitely have suitors, only question is how much a will they be asking for? 
Will Winston be this year's Manziel? 
Not to mention a completely different DC. 
It actually isn't... probably.

Deion was impressed.
LICHT THIS ISN'T FUCKING FUNNY
You know what they say... People in glass houses sink ships!
DANTE FOLWER
I can't believe he fell to us. Hot damn.
Project player for sure. 
Their boards don't work like that. They just had cooper rated higher. 
Have a link to this stream?????? Help me out!
whoo we are live!!
I JUST LEARNED THAT RIGHT NOW RAY LEWIS IS STALKING THE STREETS OF BALTIMORE WHISTLING "THE FARMER IN THE DELL"
Cowboys/USC here. Fucking pissed I hate you guys getting trojans
There are very tall and incredibly athletic guys playing playoff basketball in possibly one of the best series other than the finals, and here I am watching some talking heads discuss picks in the draft. 
He's going to line up next to Mo Wilk and Sheldon.

Holy shit.
It could still happen^Maybe...
Somebody please make a trade
aw don't cry Todd
Yeah and I wish him the best. I can see him doing well in Dallas. 
"Hey, I had Gordon at #11 Berman" - Mel
AKA, he's "getting released bro lol!"
well those people are dumb then. carry on. 
That escalated quickly.
ESPN just reported 2 firsts, one 2nd, Fletcher Cox and OTHER players. Titans can shove it!
is mayock spoiling the picks again?
god, i feel like they normally go to *local* ads when we're on the clock
I guess Mayock had it right when he basically said the players from 15-55 are all interchangeable so there is no reason to give up picks when you will still get a solid guy at your current pick
You think Beasley knew where he was going? Look at that red and black suit :)
Agholor! ^^Agholor... 
Two goofy ass Jets fans.
Ware is old, Q. Smith just failed his physical, and Elway loves pass rushers.
Boom! There's a nice weapon for Chip.
Texans pick probably 
Seems like he might be a bit immature still.
We did that picture was up on our subreddit like 3 days before that draft. The team looked at it like a chance to get a 1st round talent with a 3rd round pick. 
Jarrett is gonna be gone too :(

At least our offense is gonna be unreal next year
"Looks like a douchebag ... Oh ... Is he crying? Oh he's just a big baby, poor guy"

\- my wife, who then proceeded to ask where Wake Forest is 
There's a weird positional imbalance in this year's class that I feel may have contributed to the lack of trades. Teams are either seeking needs at loaded positions (WR, OT, DE, CB) where they can just point to someone else on the board instead of trading up for one specific guy, or positions where even the #1 available prospect isn't good enough to warrant a desperate trade (QB after the first 2 picks, TE, ILB, S).
It seems like anyone who's not from the PNW struggles to pronounce Oregon correctly.
Always ready to hate the jets
Lmao technical difficulties. 
I just tried counting, stopped at 40.
Nice, wanted Peters, but this is just as good.
Wow, what a likable man. 
So much for Chip fucking things up. 
Bryce Petty after the stadium collapses like in Batman.
Why not?
This pick was beyond retarded. We got like 6 receivers now and only 4 will probably make the team.

So much for going all in to win it this year.

Collins was a starter. This dude won't start for 3 years.
i think we probably would have if the la'el collins stuff had not happened. i had it between him and erving at 18 but i thought CB was a possibility (thought byron jones before peters). 
I know nothing about him. Can you tell me why?
lol I was thinking late 20s but I'll take it.
thats a fine 
Solid pick for Dallas. I like Jones more than Waynes or Peters
Yup, but why not take the BPA in a position we desperately need instead of a depth pick? 
He's got a freaky first step
really wanted gregory here

also i got trolled by a random account
Man it sucks that a football draft is interrupting my commercials 
Yeah Vince was the best NT in the league for about a decade. Can't really make a judgment on Brown just yet.
I want an Eagles war room camera so bad right now...
Trent Richardson
And you still missed the playoffs...that last meaningless win knocked you from 16th to 20th and out of the Mariota running so enjoy that. 
SCHERFF

That's quite a name
Yeah that one hurts
At least he will be on the field.
**OH SHIT**
Alright guys what's the going-to-commercial song this draft? "I'm the Man" was last draft.
Some teams didn't have picks
We need to hurry up and get to Houston's pick so I can go ahead and watch the Spurs/Clippers game. 
Belichick will find someone working at Wendy's that will drop 200 and 3 TDs... For one game, then he disappears... 
What a douchebag.
Jets: "Umm... we'll take Leonard Williams."
Bowles' picture look like it was created in Madden
Noooooo
WOW. Jonathon Cooper must be shit. I like the pick, you can never have too many quality offensive linemen. 
Guys, stop. The whole "if we have all the WRs you can't have any" doesn't really work.
TRADE UP TOM DO IT NOW. 
Who also played in the NBA. This guy can do it all!
ESPN is this thread, theres a whole different thread for NFL network. So if you're enjoying this thread, then ESPN.
He's high as shit
star wars ass name
Doesn't say how hard we tried
5th 3 sigma athlete in the league
Gruden is life.
[Cutler right now](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-TQdqdaOjin8/UQe36pm578I/AAAAAAAAIY4/A-lHAxeJwoU/s1600/jay-cutler.jpg)
I would find it so funny to see Winston drop through from team to team out of the first round...
I wonder what would have happened if Chip played it cool and called at the last minute. 
 
He might have made up the Titans mind when they saw how much he was willing to give up.
You have no idea. I'm incredibly happy with how this turned out
i think nfl.com pulled the video of him walking up on their draft tracker.
I'VE NEVER WANTED TO TRADE UP SO BADLY 
Do you have to have a white girlfriend to get invited to the draft?

You can never have too many DBs against Luck
WHO NEEDS DEFENSE ANYWAY? THROW IT EVERY PLAY.
4-3 Please. JUST DO IT.
What did you like about him?
Williams falls to us? Lucky...
Manuel plus a pick for Mettenberger?
Please trade back, please trade back, please trade back, please trade back
guess stopping the run is overrated
2 tru
Just the trade of a piece of paper for the rights to a young mans career in the NFL.
Everything's relative.
Hell yessssss!
Colts games are going to have huge numbers on both sides aren't they
Rhodes, Munnerlyn, and now Waynes. That's one hell of a CB corps.
Wasn't undrafted and only went in the 6th cause of a torn ACL
with the chain? whew 
Fabulous Fangio will find a way 
I really think the trade would have happened already if it were to happen at all but I'm not counting chip out of this 
Tampa gonna pick James Rodrigueeeez
I'm the most humble human being you're ever gonna meet!!
Every year you draft a strong and explosive OLB? News to me.
he's a bro
Marcus has been in the sun.
Would have liked someone in the front 7 for defense but this is good too.
He looks to have a very good head on his shoulders. Always a good sign. Medicine at Duke? Cant go wrong with that pick. Looks and acts like a lawyer haha
Should be gold
you could say it's a mixed *bag of weed*
That's not a question, its a fact.
Dont worry im very pissed about your pick too!
Actually he's 8-3 against Minnesota. Yeah, he has a shitty record against GB, but he's 60-48 against the rest of the league. Not great, but okay.
Trade please
Did Goodell just say weelliams?
CRAB LEGS FOR ALL!
No one commented on "poppin' up from 19 to do?"
WE GOT FAX MACHINE JOKES
I can't complain about updrading the o-line. I wanted Wlliams though...
YES HICKEY!

Edit-Wait we didn't trade? FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK

Fuck you Miami.
Wut 
Duke Johnson next round. 
So the NFC east is starting an o line arms race. 
hold up
Excellent 
And both teams made it to the same round of the playoffs last year, and our salary cap and young core are way better off.
COME ON manu stop turning the ball over.
Yeah but the NBA draft is far different haha
Don't know much about Jones but sure as hell hope he works out better for us than all the other 1st round secondary picks in the past have.
Get busted for weed days before the draft? Become a young millionaire in Colorado days later. The American dream
Especially without Parker! Jason Kidd has done a great job as a young coach. They'll be even better next year with Parker, MCW, and GOAT Giannis. 
Lol at Eagles and Giants fans acting like this is bad for the Cowboys. We need defense. This draft is deep in Running backs. 
oh no...Brady pls don't die :(
Except you're paying LT value for a RT. There will be guys in the 2nd round and beyond that can play RT. 

If Trent Williams was old or just an average LT, this would make a ton of sense, but he's neither. Unless they plan on letting him walk after this year. 
Trading for Tebow
Jets gonna do something crazy? 
We still need to address our guard situation
[**@VicTafur**](https://twitter.com/VicTafur):
>[2015-05-01 01:59:07 UTC](https://twitter.com/VicTafur/status/593957790642610176)

>Carr's got jokes. Ran into Derek and he asked, "What happened? We get Jameis?" 
>He is smiling ear to ear.
>[#Raiders](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23Raiders) [#NFLDraft](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23NFLDraft)

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=http://reddit.com/34hhdb%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

YES!!
Eagles are going to be really good.
Agreed. I don't know who they're targeting
How about those wacky Colts?! 
The lack of trades in general have been somewhat disappointing.

Let's just wait for Arizona to throw everything at the Vikings.
Jags select Dante Fowler.
JONES IS MINE YOU CAN'T HAVE HIM
its all g 
You just know Goodell whispered to Peat "please don't pick me up."
THE SAMOAN SENSATION
Bud Dupree or Vic Beasley to ATL? Maybe Ereck Flowers to beef up their line or Gurley to replace Jackson and Rodgers
"The Rams haven't had a back they can feature since Eric Dickerson"

uh... I guess Marshall Faulk don't real?
This commentating is SO bad
as in, his heart just wasn't in it. 
ALEX FLANNIGAN!
Do you have a link to more in depth tape of his I could watch?
You're laughing at your rivals for drafting linemen? Isn't that the reason the Cowboys are good now?
Not too big on Gurley, eh?
Top fucking kek
I'm not sure it was worth it
I feel good about Wolfe, but NT is a gigantic concern.
we gave up a lot less for gordon than we did for mathews
This stretching between picks for TV is killing me.
Commissioners always get booed at the draft. NBA, NFL, NHL, they all get booed (although NBA commisioner Adam Silver didn't get booed after his handling of the Sterling situation last year). It's become a tradition at this point. Commisioners make a bunch of unpopular decisions (alternatively, decisions that are only popular with owners, not players or fans)

The picks themselves don't get booed but the commisioner will get booed everytime he steps out to announce a pick
Honestly it's a pretty smart move. Jets investing in their defensive line to be good for a looooong time. I always thought that if a team doesn't have a franchise QB yet, they should focus more on building on their strengths. Excited to see his impact in Bowles' defense.
it's ok >3 - you got 'em!
JJo is almost guaranteed to be gone after this season and Andrew Luck is going to be around for a long time. Gotta plan long term.
FUUUUCK. I WANTED TO ROOT FOR THIS GUY.
They get tested once in training camp. Once.
lol wtf. He's a college player. It's not hard to be a college star while missing huge portions of the package, especially playing for Wisconsin. Just watch how many times he gets caught from behind. 
I think it's Kevin
Chip Kelly is a crazy man
Damn was hoping he would fall to us. 
I just figured out why the other teams in this division can't field a quarterback: all the defenses are built with Tom Brady in mind, and if you're not Tom Brady, you've got no fucking chance against them. 
That'd be a long awkward silence. Are you seeing how long it takes from the pick being in to it being announced?
LOL at the trolls who are posting spoilers in the No Spoilers thread
Dang, would've loved to see a UConn player in New England. Hope he does well in Dallas.
***GURLEY TO THE MADDEN COVER: CONFIRMED***
HAIL NFCE
Yeah, people don't really know what a reach is if they think Dorsett was a reach. 
Solid pick at least its not a TE
I wonder where Brent Hundley will go. Bears first pick in round 2?
more than likely, unless they let him compete with Schwartz at RT. also can learn from Mack, who has the chance to opt out of his contract at the end of this year. insurance policy for the future at center while still being an immediate upgrade to the right side of our line.
Dolphins are having some trouble deciding
always makes sense for Bill to do it Even if he doesn't sign half the picks he looks at it as more chances to pick who's attending your training camp giving you a better chance to find talented players. He'll trade back to get 2 extra 4th round picks even if only one can make the roster. He looks at it as having 3 guys with the skill to be drafted in the 4th round to choose that one guy from instead of one guy and a bunch of UDFA. 
Holy shit.


Wut
I think Ramirez is insurance on the Tomlinson pick. If Tomlinson isn't ready to start for any reason, we have Ramirez so the pick can not fail, unless we lose both to season ending injuries.
Dude, Manny sucked. This guy could be a game changer.
It would be nice if this was 11am on a Saturday instead of 11pm on a weekday, though.
did they just pull Todd Bowles pic right out of a Madden game? lol wtf
damn this dude got an ovation from the hateful fuckers at the nfl draft that's awesome
Me too man. Who knows. 
Don't assume anything yet, jets can always be jets 
Is Cam Newton relevant for anything?
Not sure, but nfln has been doing good for me. 
Tom Cruise
Holy fuck, the Rams just got a PLAYMAKER!
It never really fit in. 
No...no....we can forget. 
OH GOD I CAN'T DO THIS ANYMORE.
8 children with 1 woman? What kind of a professional athlete is this???
NFL Network, owned by the NFL, is probably controlling the commercial schedule though...
Pretty much what I expected. Falcons need a pass rusher badly. 
you said stephone williams. Anthony was the answer we were looking for. Anthony.
Love this pick, fits a prefect need and I'm glad he made it to us here 
Someone trade up with Washington please so they can fuck up a later pick instead of lucking into a great one.
No excuses now Jay!!!!
I just saw Chips shoe fly by my house
Mason+Gurley = beast.
My boy Strong is being slept on so hard. 
THE GJALLARHORN HAS SOUNDED
Nah Coples at DE instead of Snacks on that line. 
Yeahhhhh draft more offense
That sounds like a pretty good backfield. 

tbh I'm excited, especially since we've fixed up our oline a bit this year.
really wanted gregory here
In fairness, he won a couple more as a coordinator.
Just because we need a tackle and another WR doesn't mean that we should take them in the first round. 

Wanna know a cool stat? Steve Smith, the best WR & player the Panthers have ever had was drafted in the 3rd round.
This draft is *soooooo* boring.

Any really good players who haven't been drafted yet?
it's a public service, really
This stream is laggy as hell!
He's the #3 too!
Depends on how early your CBs get beat deep and have to interfere to try to recover.
Only way Zach plays is injury or trade....
Dude *same*. It would be a so surreal. It'll be like when the Warriors got good.
Vick Comma Michael
Solid Pick by the Vikes. Hope they do well this season they are kinda my 2nd team.Want them to succeed!! 
I can in my Madden 12 for my Wii. It's super weird. 
What a trade by the Lions, that's a pretty big haul for moving down just 5 spots in the draft.
Strief was one of the better RTs in the NFL last year. This pick was stupid as fuck.
He has a solid bull rush and has plenty of inside sacks in his reptoire too. We'll see how it works out in the NFL, but he made it happen inside in college, too.
Gruden is diamond hard for Mariota.
Woooo
Well you did have this guy by the name of Aaron Rodgers for a while...
heard HTTR playing in the arena on TV, thought it was my phone. 

HTTMFR!!
Neat
Some people are just naturally jacked and if you're already at your ideal playing weight then what's the point. I had a roommate in college that looked like an amateur bodybuilder and he did absolutely no exercise.

I also remember an interview with a player who said he decided to drop his weight and the reporter asked him how he did it and he said he just stopped lifting. I mean this was one of the real big guys not a CB.
With the 6th selection in the 2015 NFL Draft, the New York Jets select BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
scumbags just took our OL
Point is the general consensus was that he will average at best on any team other than maybe the Eagles. Good luck, but unless you can move him, that was a bust of a pick IMO.
I don't know which thread to follow!

EDIT: Looks like it's this one! NFLN uber alles!
I want what you're smoking.
Amari & Williams
Two cover guys. I don't really get it but I'm pissed cuz I wanted him in the 2nd. 
Now Chip Kelly just gets to make more trades!
Haha, I went there a couple months ago...my girlfriend lives in Hyde Park so yeah, that area is great. I just feel like nothing good ever comes from Ybor, and as a beer guy St Pete has really been coming up with great local breweries. But definitely tame compared to something like Miami, Jameis will be fine.

http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/10/102692/3615977-tumblr_mhm5rfrg7c1rcaovvo1_1280.jpg
If it's like the saints penalty, he can leave instructions when he leaves, but after he starts no contact with any nfl employee
We definitely need a RG. Howard is going to move back to T, his natural position. We have Mike Tice coaching O-Line and that should help, too. Watson and Jackson are only working on their second starting seasons. We have a lot of potential in different spots, but it really depends on the coaching. I'm excited to see what they can do this year. 
Happy for Shelton. I hope he does well for you guys, Cleveland
There are plenty of good WRs in the 2nd.
What did he call him?
Just a delay getting the Jags pick announced 
Why is everyone whining about trades
Time to stop refreshing to avoid Eagles spoilers
Flair up if you are going to talk shit 
Nah bro we got the Jets covered
Wait what?

You can't just draft Oline like that
And this is coming from a Browns fan
Backward cleats
are there QBs who can't throw the football John?
FUCK YOU ESPN
Gloves are back on
Aaaaand there goes Winston. Now the fun begins. 
"I wear number 2 because I wanna be number 1 but I want to work like I'm number 2". That's a good attitude to have. 
and jordan cameron
I can't help but feel like Berman smokes cigars and drinks scotch during commercial breaks. 
What did Denver trade for Ray?
But this is the spoilers thread...
That suit though.
Inb4 you take another Dion Jordan. 
On some of them, he was just setting the edge and being disciplined. 
HAHAHAH WHAT MEL
Calm your expectations
He looks so old. He will match up well with our secondary. This makes me sad. 
It's finishing the joke. Makes the punchline visible instead of in your head. Plus there's an edginess factor.

Nice to have an asshole starting shit, for those who have rectal cancer.
Goddamn aren't they supposed to show a highlight reel? Totally blasting him with that dropped passes compilation.
Dumb if he does.
Be funny if Titans take Mariota and then Jack Mecklenburger becomes a huge stah.
C'mon Randy Gregory or Marcus Peters!
amen.
Famous Jameis Crab Shack
What about tre mason?
Chip Kelly is working his magic already
If it was that big a deal, they would have released him.
I think it's part of the Johnny Manziel thing from last year, where he was expected to go early...and didn't. They kept showing him sitting there, looking more and more nervous/uncomfortable with each pick that wasn't him. Some guys didn't want to risk that being them this year.
He probably was. But since he's the QB arrangements were most likely made behind closed doors, so to speak.
Fuck your mocks-colts/saints
what offensive lineman was worth taking at 14 there?
damn.. Kelly putting all his Chips on the table
Can't blame them, kid looks like he could be the next Lynch or McCoy... Can't win if you don't take a shot. 
http://i1112.photobucket.com/albums/k497/animalsbeingdicks/animalsbeingdicks/abd-01.gif

AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW YAS SEA MAMMAL TIME
If he did Tennessee would be fucking stupid for declining. Hell, they're still stupid for not taking a trade. Mariota's walking into a shitstorm.
Only $25 or so but still, when are you ever going to want to wear that thing? You spent $25 on something that has maybe a 10-20% at best chance of happening, when you could have waited 2 months to spend $25 on it if it had a 100% 
New Orleans goes wr 
I have a feeling it just might happen...
YEEEEEEE
Lol and 3 are in a division haha, sorry Pats
He'll probably go to RT 
Hey Rams, we'll give you a 6th for Tre Mason. Apparently we collect RBs now.
He hopes he's a star not that his team wins
Cant wait :)
YEEEEAAAAHHHHH!!!!
Ereck Flowers!
And he had a RPG shoot over his head.
But who is he starting over? We already have TY, Johnson, Moncreif looked great last year, and we picked up Chris Carters son. 
Let's not forget that its still Cutty throwing to him /s

But seriously, great pick 
bowles tends to use 3-4 and 4-3 so its likely that at some point all three will be on the field at the same time
I woulda taken Cooper but Fowler is a good fit there.
I'm not saying you're wrong, I'm saying whether you're right or wrong, we don't want to hear it. Look at the title.
[ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL... PLAYERS BEING SELECTED BY TEAMS?!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwuG-g7qK0k)
Nfl network or ESPN?
Just go on Pinterest Dick Butkus
Good dude
To be fair, Reach was a pretty good Halo game. Not the best, but certainly not the worst. I'm also one of the small few that actually really enjoys ODST, so Suh me.
**Who's ready for another three months of ~~draft~~ trade speculation at /r/Eagles????**
I DEMAND DRAMA
Same way ESPN reports free agent signings before free agency begins. 
Oh yeah, I forgot lol

Best of luck?
Well, we'll take him in the second round if no one takes him for that long if that's the reason lol. he can smoke all he wants just not around testing time.
Now i have to hate you,Shane..darn
A player can try to force a trade. If they have leverage, that is. 
:( rip friendship http://i.imgur.com/S9CrotV.jpg
#:)
RIP seanmlr86
He's probably too high to notice
I did the same thing a few years ago
"Why are we getting this Kuechly guy, we have Beason!"
Damn....
CHIP'S WILD RIDE PART 2: ELECTRIC AGHOLOO
Texans, Bills and Browns are the places for him. Though with the Browns' QB history that could be a little shaky.
YEAH GOOD JOB WITH THAT RECEIVER COLTS.

JUST WHAT WE FUCKING NEEDED TO GO AGAINST, WILFORK 2.0

FUCK

FUCKKKKKKK


FUUUUCCCCKKKKKKKKKING KILL ME
middle 2nd
"10 minutes? Fuck that, we have shit to do." - Jags
Cooper is pretty amazing moving around, through his routes, but he really does not have top of the line physical characteristics. 
IASIP, this past season. S10E08. The Gang Goes On Family Fight. Highly recommend it, personal favorite episode so far.
Great Pick
We like badger basket ball and we justify it by saying it's much better since the players aren't getting paid. The irony about being diehard packer fans is not lost on me.
Can we try to take La'el Collins. We need the OLINE and I think he's innocent. 
He's going to look beautiful in that two toned blue
I agree. Therefore I don't want to hear that nonsense anymore. 
Shane Ray to Denver are you kidding that defense will be unreal under Phillips

So do we take Brown then?
Yeah I don't understand that either...
Where is all this Jet talk coming from?
Best I can do for him is a 2045 3rd rounder.
alright pack it up folks. this draft is officially boring and just like every other rumored milled year. 
Skooool!! Great defensive pick!! Rhodes and waynez on this Zimmer defense? Hell yeah!!!!
Holy shit I thought Williams to Raiders was it..
Unlikely the Giants were going to take a corner anyway.
Was houston planning on taking a rb?
Man I dunno . . . I love this guy, I think he can be a hell of a player. But we *need* OLine help, pretty much everyone had us taking OLine in the first round . . . and instead we gave up a solid OLine starter in order to draft a DE? I mean, wow, this makes me nervous
so a month a go everyone in our sub was prasing grigson now they want his head
Nah
We are pretending that we drafted Gilbert and Manziel this year, last year never happened just ask Gordon 
I can't tell you how excited I am for us to continue to get gutted vs the run. 
EVERYONE GETS A WR!

In all seriousness though this isn't a good pick.
LION BABE? MORE LIKE LION BAD!
They are who we thought they were.
Yeah, looking like we're trading out if Ray doesn't fall
Don't go
pls noh
Neiners
I'll admit I was hoping he'd slip to us for some stupid reason.
Well, he was right.
I don't know what I want now.
And go figure, he's the second corner off the board. Name recognition be damned!
I'm absolutely shaking my head in despair.
Only Lobo
He is I've known him personally for a few years now genuinely a great guy and humble. He was almost humble to a fault where it hurt his performance because he wasn't confident enough and that all changed this year once he got confidence
Whew! No Leonard Williams. Nice guard, but thanks for that one Redskins.
GET THAT CAMERA OUTTA GURLEY'S FACE PLEASE ITS MAKING ME NERVOUS
Seriously. The hype was off the charts, especially for you guys. It's been so tame so far. 
Dem ratings tho
MARIOTA MARIOTA GIVE ME THE RAVIOTA
I love it. Fuck yeah
Are we sure about that? Maybe Richardson has the vision but is unable to move laterally. It would explain a lot...
I want the kid to succeed. I hope so. 
Al Davis haunts Indy confirmed 
WHY NO IMGUR
Watch out for the police Mr Gurley
It's the implication
ever hold 2 slices of pizza together and clap them? that's her pussy.
Yeah, he is. 
Keyword is might. I don't think it's a spoiler, but whatever 
>>No.

>Yes.

Yes
BB please trade up for Malcom Brown.
Teaser vs. Spoiler. Grey area.
Perriman or Bryce Petty
But we have two solid tackles already. Armstead is our LT of the future and Strief is one of the better RTs in the league. I really hate this pick
Once they declare for the draft theyre not amateurs. 
Load that shotgun, Bill. 
Um I hope we traded up for Gordon but didn't give up a ransom
Can't flim flam the zim zam
There goes Trae Waynes
Joy seems pretty annoying.
well...this is awkward. 
Manny is also a center btw
Bryce Petty.
Good guesses, or sources from inside. 
caught nfl mod slippin with that fucked up title
The Titans are really just being greedy cunts at this point. Chip is desperate.
Damnit all to fuck.
Why??? 

On another note, tryina hook us up with Sanu, Cincinnati? Lol
I'd rather wacth Caliendo do impersonations of everyone for the whole draft.
1st round is setting up an interesting 2nd round. Nice pick also. 
Yeah, your system sucks. You'll change it to something that works to Mariota's strengths, and could possibly work.
Oh of course, point taken. 
lets do it!

I went fucking crazy in my apartment. (UCF student)
probably just visitors rooting for the away team
Did the Redskins somehow just waltz into Leonard Williams without trading up?
Todd "Literally Marshall Faulk" Gurley
I thought I was the only one who heard that....
He's not Jamaal Charles. He's slow. He's hesitant. He's worthless in the pass game. Yall should be happy we just hamstringed ourselves three picks for this guy. 
Yea, but that's a pretty big if. I love Gurley, but I feel like the Rams had bigger needs than to roll the dice that he's gonna be as good as the best running back of the last decade.
With the biggest no brainer of the draft, the Oakland Raiders select Leonard Williams from USC.
Giving him a chance to not get arrested! So thoughtful. 
Quick, next week's lottery numbers. What are they? 
Guess they saw it when we picked Beasley. 
The QBs went, who cares who you pick now? 
Someone going to move up for Williams?
I'm so hard right now 
>Stat Paddford

That one is way better than mine. I would never make that trade, I just figured since we were getting all Madden-y in here.
Is Eisen pronouncing Mariota wrong on purpose to make the other guys laugh?
Bears pick is in. I'm guessing White?
puffed some Mary Jane
Word on the street was Reggie wanted Williams and coaching staff wanted cooper. I think he listened to his staff and grabbed the guy he thought would help the coaching staff be successful. I'm guessing it was a tough call. 
No shit. Famous Jameis.
Like Super Bowl Rings and Titles
1st only
[It's a joke.](https://twitter.com/raiders/status/593996122936344577)
Oh shit I forgot about Del Rio
Shut up 
They're probably prepared for it to go to 11 (or 12 eastern). It's never been under 3.5 hours
Did this while ordering pizza once & didn't call them back cuz I was embarrassed
Ive been watching Danny Shelton for 3 years. He is a straight boss and doesnt take off plays. 

This is the first solid 1st rounder for them since Joe Thomas.

Edit: Forgot Haden. And some others. 
He will cry into his pool of millions and supermodel wife (who makes more than him)
Well if Gregory doesn't go here then idk when the fuck he goes if at all first round.
That old chestnut
Manny wasn't going to play here anyway, this saves Denver $3M
I'm pretty sure I'm the only Titans fan completely unimpressed by Mett. The fuck did he do last year to give me reason to believe he's our guy? He didn't win either of our games and still ended up hurt, just like Jake. Not to mention the fact that instead of taking confidence from the challenge of the new competition, he's whining and demanding a trade. Yeah, we may lack lot on this team right now, but we lack excitement as well. The duck has my support.
I use NY pizza as my napkin to wipe face after eating a deep dish Chicago Pizza.

Ditka is God, is Life
Rapoport said Titans aren't likely to trade.
And therein lies the problem
Captain is not our secondary liability, Blanton is.
Thank you based god.
That's too bad. If you're interested, you've got a great opportunity to try to create something of a community for people going through this kind of thing, though. I'm sure you're not the only one who is looking for help, and finding other people like you could end up benefiting you and them.
I wonder how much Taco Bell had to pay nintendo to use that clip in their commercial
Dorsett? What? like...

What?

That doesn't make sense...
Wow not Williams
It's almost like I haven't heard this joke all night.
>@RapSheet
>
>The #Vikings are making their pick. Still no trades.
Messi to the Jaguars confirmed.
With the first pick, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, select....
.
.
.
.
DEEZ NUTS!!!
....why the hell would we draft a safety?

Edit: ahh getting down voted because I'm not a fan of a draft pick, never change reddit 
R.I.P. Brady's butthole
I swear to god if Williams goes to the Jets I will personally drive to Redskins Park and punch Scot McLoughlan in the dick
But are they good? 
I don't think that they do.
I live in Florida, it's not that bad.
To be fair, the 49ers would've taken him. That's why we traded back.
Jets D is going to be crazy
Jets gonna BLITZ BLITZ BLITZ
From what,his coach?
Different skillset but I fail to see how he is going to get any playing time.
Good luck Kevin White WVU will miss you.
why do you ever need 8 children 
Im just surprised you guys know how to be angry...
would have rather had gregory tbh
I know, everyone had him all over their mocks, I still had hope though :(

Why?!? Sf and Houston wouldn't have take him!! 
Byron Jones to the Pats is still alive! now he just has to sneak by the Steelers and the Cowboys...
Gregory?
Can't believe the Rams would pick another player with previous ACL tear
Sometimes doing nothing is the best decision. Eagles will benefit long term and Chip can do more with a merely competent QB than other teams can.
lol at boomer acting like he's calling these picks when we all know he's getting spoilers
I'm a wizard.
well thats ur opinion :)
He got boatraced by a true freshman in the Cotton Bowl too.
Has there ever been a reach that turned out to be really good?
Athletic, but really needs to develop in the NFL. Williams was a chalky pick, this team needs impact defense and he could bring it. (Granted he has an almost equal chance of failure fail)
He and Von Miller can be friends 
The weeeeeeeee-duh
Oh, I like that pick.
He's still trade bait. Chip still wants him.
> "That Albert Einstein? Johnny Manzel."

>*--Abraham "Gandhi" Lincoln*



SORRY WE CAN'T HEAR YOU OVER OUR RINGS CLINKING TOGETHER
Got em!
Exactly.
Seriously. If the Redskins don't grab Williams...
Since when is partying Jameis' problem?
Big cat in the big apple
Whew. I was worried we'd end up with him and that would be the biggest omen 
What would your dead brother think of you being drafted? Jesus christ ESPN.
WOahhhhhhh

"Please let me go to Philly, help me Chip. You're my only hope."
Hmmm. Was expecting Dupree. Interesting
Who knows. At least it's not Nintendo's after that #wiggerwednesday shit.
RAMS WHY
and D
wait until he starts smoking *Blounts...* [.](http://www.xclusivetouch.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/nailed-it-beard-gif.gif)
PATS
To get someone Texans may pick?
Bucs gonna milk that clock, hoping Eagles or Bears sell their soul for the pick?
Who wants to give it a go?
Choo chop mother fuckers. 
RIP DC Metropolitan area.
The U keeping it's first round streak alive!!!

Wait, they haven't had a 1st round pick in 7 years? Oh...
A lot of teams would trade up for Leonard
No it was definitely not directed at his kids, I wouldn't wish that on anyone. I had always heard that Andy liked trying to help the "character concern" guys figure out their potential. 
He's literally never made a bad pick in the first round...
right after salty 
didn't they just draft HaHa last year? and Burnett is pretty good too, no?
Thanks man!! 
Why are we getting hammered for this?

Amari cooper is a beast

It's not like we used this pick on devante Parker 
WTF

So Rams RB depth: Gurley, Mason, Stacy, Cunningham.....IF the line shows up that could be the four horseman this year. Big IF
Winston Salem 
pls no :(
Idk why but I have a feeling hes gonna be a beast.
Did he just say pedigree? The fuck he sayin, Winstons a purebred or some shit?
These awkward Deon hugs are just the best. Too bad we didn't get one with Jameis.
Ctrl + F "fuck" *system overload*

Edit: I know the feel though.
Im assuming the Pats and Lions were both going for Tomlinson and Brown, depending who was there. 
You do realize there are 6 other rounds right? 
This setup is so weird 
what a terrible first round for the Saints 
Stop talking and get to the podium Comish! Now!
DID YOU GUYS KNOW THE DRAFT IS IN CHICAGO FOR THE FIRST TIME IN OVER 50 YEARS?!?! GUYS??^guys....
He said a "fucking offensive lineman", not a regular one
Dude Cooper is a steal
Looks like all the people saying "lol they gave up on Johnny" were wrong.

Also, watch for Alex Mack to be traded.
He'd be a de in 34 and a dt in 43
So it looks like the Chargers are gonna grab Gordon then
Snugly
Falling because he is really really raw
Yea, I purposely left out 13 because it's an outlier. I think another reason is the evolution of the game. The Seahawks, Niners, Packers, etc have shown the value of picks with the current CBA and rookie deals. Save your picks and don't reach, because more often than not you'll end up like the Falcons and Redskins. 
COME ON CHIP WORK YOUR MAGIC 
I didn't know that was physically possible for a man that size. 
Damnn Suzie on point. Bring up that death indirectly now. 
Yea you just have to jiggle the volume a little to get it to come back
He became a solid GM by giving up all his duties to Jason Garret, his son Stephen Jones, and Will McClay.
I think that's the plan. Armstead, Okoye, Hayne -- we're building the world's scariest, most athletic practice squad.
Except trade up. 
Draft Town **USA** just in case you forgot what country you were in
Perriman looks terrifying. 
Jesus is a late first rounder at best
Uhhh... did Gruden just forget about Marshall Faulk?
Niners trade their pick to San Diego
Cowboys have to be ecstatic. Huge slip, huge need.
Yeah me either :-/
Slipped in the draft? Really schefter? 10 seems pretty good for a RB
"You do you, Jed. Anyone that disagrees with you is wrong and should be fired."
oh god dont let the bears get Williams 
Holy shit they passed on Williams
Three TAMU tackles taken back-to-back-to-back years.
Oh Redskins...
I love the argument "Mett didn't win a single game." Yea, our entire team only won 2, and both of them were extremely lucky. Mett did however provide several of our higher scoring games.

Along with that, he ended up injured because Whiz kept blocking guys like Watt with our 4th string tackle who we had just signed the week before.
Giants love to take pass rushers but a bunch are already off the board
I comment a lot.

Like **A LOT**. It will be a

difficult two weeks.
Why does he not call it a PODIUM!!!!!!!!!
this is fun
I have no idea why they traded up for him but I'll take the two picks.
She's scarred for life now. Congrats.
CRY BRADY CRY
We get a new RB every year since Steven Jackson. It's tradition
Plenty of centers left in the draft.
Love the shaky camera effect. 
Nice to see a more refreshing side like this from an NFL player.
Titans fans not happy in their sub
Wow. Chip was willing to throw the whole house at em. If that didn't do it what would have ?
Exactly. Their defense needs to step up if they can't score 100% of the time.
Shy-town or Chai-town?
I bet they take Amari Cooper. /s
Ugly ass jersey
Luck for 6000 yards
Already asked 20 min ago and answered
No stomp. 4/10.
If Redskins get Williams...where is he playing? He is a waste as a Nose tackle in a 3-4. 
You are a good man
Yeah, but you can't plan for that shit. Nobody really plans for losing an entire position group :x
It's funny how they already have "With the first pick, the Tampa Bay Bucaneers select..." as a sound bite...
Was that on anybody's radar? 
Best pick so far
Damn, this draft class has to be some of the tallest of all time. I just keep seeing 6'5+.
You guys started this boring shit
Zac Stacy's response to his team picking Gurley:

https://twitter.com/ZSTACY_/status/593946934819180544
They shouldn't. He's nothing special tbh. 
Well, Mariota's name just got butchered 
but as a Titans fan I know how awesome it can be to rotate interior lineman so its not a big deal either way I don't think 
Donley brained? 

Rofl don't they teach spelling at meathead camp?
Wtf, gave me nightmares like JJ Watt
Don't forget the Bills
I think WR is a huge need, and i love Agholor
They didn't trade Marshall for the hell of it. They didn't like his attitude. They went bpa and filled a need. Good pick in my eyes.
Except in Milwaukee. Jk, Marquette was horrible this year, everyone was a Badger fan
That is some dope evasive maneuvers. 
Fucking Gregory was there what the fuck dude
So you're saying you believe Payton drafted someone intentionally, knowing that we have no need for him? Calm the fuck down, there is a plan and it will work out.
OH my god that is literally the worse pick of the 1st round. Worse than Armstead.
Gregory makes a lot of sense for New Orleans
Smart pick, going to be an absolute stud
He's been so consistently mocked top the Eagles, and Baltimore or the Steelers could take Peters. I'd be upset to leave without a CB tonight. Unless, AP is around....
Nobody likes the guy in charge.
It's a completely different situation. We have an offence, and the worst defence in the league.
That was my first thought. Against pass happy teams, absolutely.
HYPE
My bad. Misheard rich when he was talking 
west coast time zone all the way
Amari Cooper is the best player in the draft. He would have been the best player taken in the past three drafts.


Great question. One of the best moments in his life, lets bring up something dark.
FUCKING IDIOTS, WHAT WERE THEY THINKNG?!?!?
White's Wikipedia article is...uh, interesting.
No one cant match the Hair...
Holy finally. 
Fine *drops trout *
The Browns didn't make the playoffs...
Relevant: http://espn.go.com/blog/new-york-giants/post/_/id/42353/nfl-nation-mock-draft-why-i-picked-ereck-flowers-for-the-giants
are you new to this whole draft thing?
Raiders, you really should pick Williams. Some punter named Williams...
No clue, only way this pick makes sense is if he moves to corner.
I don't know anything about the guy so it's hard for me to determine.
Wanted to move it to Denver but were worried they might get blown out of the building.
You mean the Buckingham Milwalkkaneers of Tampa Bay?
Chris Berman is super butthurt lol
I thought it was more unpredictable
Glad the Bears don't get him.
But over the best player in the draft? And when there's so much WR depth?
Yeah, you are right about the Texans. They need a franchise QB.
But the Browns don't need any position on the OL, they need help on the right side and this is a dear/early pick to draft RG or RT.
Jesus christ that is a reach.

GG Redskins, you guys messed the fuck up
>I couldn't give a shit about downvotes, I was saying that this being the thread that attracts all the Bears fans will obviously be a factor. 

Well now obviously you do, because you pointed it out and toned down the rhetoric immediately after your first two posts got slammed by downvotes, and then tried to imply it came from disagreeing with Bears fans. 

>Do you think the Bears would have been better served by addressing needs on defense with this pick, or do you disagree with me?

Well see now that's a bit of a loaded question, considering we've only seen one single pick of theirs. I mean do you think if Leonard Williams is still sitting on that board at #7 they'd have gone for Kevin White? It's incredibly obvious they just went for the best thing on the board. I mean why wouldn't they? I wouldn't be at all surprised to see them just go defense for almost all of the rest of the draft
[There can be only one.](http://gfycat.com/ThunderousSatisfiedDove)
And now the pick everyone and their mother's have been waiting for.
Damn, Texans fans on twitter are already falling over themselves because "Now everyone else in the Division has a franchise QB". 

Lets ignore the fact that Bortles wasn't very good, and Mariota has proven absolutely nothing right now.
There was no controversy about a crazy potential trade surrounding Jameis, and even when there was for a second, it was because Chip was trying to get to Mariota at #1.
Torrey's problem wasn't hands it was physicality and jumping ability.
Yeah this is what I'm confused about...I didn't think of Houston as a Gordon type of team...
Or Laken Tomlinson
I fucking love every one of you fuckers in here laughing. I can't wait to rub this shit in your faces.
Flacco is the man
Not really sure he is a 3rd round pick. He was always project low first and second.
Three different threads tho
Our QB was sacked the most times in the NFL last year but lets take a WR

-Dolphins
At least you guys landed a thicker TY.
I've been over trying to have a real discussion about football in this sub. It's too big for its own good. I'll stick to nflroundtable. It's been this way for two years now. Jokes run rampant.

Not to mention we are getting made fun of for not taking a defensive lineman when we have spent a lot if money on those pieces. Plus we need to protect Griffin. This pick is honestly the best I can think of, even if it's too high. You pick your guy if he is available. Scot isn't playing games. I fuckin LOVE it.
its funy cuz alota texans fanst wanted bud
Probably pronounces chipotle as chi-polt-e
Mediocre at best for decades? How old are you? Maybe for the past 5 years or so, but we still have 3 playoff appearances and 2 division titles. 

You mean to tell me of all the teams interested, he wouldn't do the best here? In a scheme and with a coach he's familiar with? Stop lying to yourself kid. It's laughable to compare what he's working with in Tennessee to us.
I don't know why I'm so surprised, I think he'll be quite good, but this feels like a reach @ 10. Like "um shit, who do we pick now that Sherff and White are gone??"
Don't worry Commish, they are saying boo urns
Why? Just why? Collins was right there. 
Cool
Oh god why
Nobody, thats his problem.

*no killer instinct*
I'm pretty sure at least one of them would remember.
How else are they gonna make money?
Highlights https://youtu.be/7lb6tK7mBNE
be happy. the more swearing you see in the thread the better you know the pick was
To begin with, yes. 

For the last three seasons he hasn't played very well against us. 
I was freaking out, man!
The way o line is getting snapped up, he may not even be there for us. 
Raiders should take Cooper. 
Oakland happier than a pig in shit right now.
SHOCKING.......
That Laken kid looks to have a very good head on his shoulders. Always a good sign. Medicine at Duke? Cant go wrong with that pick. Looks and acts like a lawyer haha
They're pretty sweet
We all hope so. Come on chaos 
Don't forget we also drafted Steve Young.


Fuck.
How do you feel about losing a toenail?
modern medicine has evolved 
He wasn't very good at tackle though. He's pretty much an iOL prospect
I guarantee OZ thinks he can get strong in the 2nd
Don't bother with that guy. This picture sums him up.

http://imgur.com/ReFlDE5

He whines on here now because he just gets downvoted to shit on our sub and the mods have already given him a warning for being a cunt.
At the Castle, you can be whatever you want to be
Him and von are either gonna blaze over offenses or blaze up together 
Good job*

*Terms and conditions may apply
I had a feeling they'd do that. Be happy with it. He will be a great receiver. 
It'll look fine once the helmet is on.
So this joke is still getting play? 
Haha, indeed. If I remember the context of this is that they didn't even have a pick in the round this was taken or something like that.

Go Jags. You guys were fun to watch under Del Rio, and Bradley seems like he's bringing back that fire. Khan seems like a legit owner too, love his story.
They can't all be hits! Sometimes they're...really, really bad misses.
Such a Raiders selection 
two slots for two picks? K.
My body thanks you
Feels like we have the number one overall pick now =D
... the only TE?
 #WESTANDWITHBALTIMORE
Thats if you base your BPA off Mel Kuiper... 
My friend is a Titans fan. I think I'm going to live the most exciting season opening game of my life. I just hope that bith QB will end up leading their respective teams for a long time so I can enjoy that rivalry longer. 
Unless he gets us another ring, I'll hate him forever.
No please, I want my Brady alive :(
Flair up dude! But yea, In Stephen Jones We Trust.
Yeah! I've never heard of this guy!
Didnt see that coming
I believe this is a better pick than last year's 1st rounder. 
Jags pick is in already??? Or is Espn graphic slow 
>3
Cant wait to see who goes first so I can automatically call him a BUST.
the wicked spoon buffet in vegas
"He measured 5in girth at the combine" 
THERE ARE TOO MANY SHOES!!!! 
http://imgur.com/gallery/Mv5dCk0
8pm! Let's go
WHERE IS ALEX FLANAGAN?!
I laughed
DaFUQ is a "qb"????
That should actually be pretty fun, we'll get to see them go against each other directly after being drafted by teams in the same division just a few picks apart. 
I was soo sure he was going to be an Eagle....FUCK DALLAS
49ers make out like bandits. oh shit i am biased.
Haha, yea I'll admit I'm not so sure anymore
Made beforehand
FUCK. YES. 
One of the things we've got right down here. 
The Dance Commander does not forget his friends.
News came right before the Laken pick news broke, not the broadcast. Anyway, they probably didn't even trade out because of a certain player, news broke earlier today they just wanted to trade out.
Well shit, we did go WR. Wow.
Fuck Jerry Reese I hate him as a gm
Any Titans fans believe in Mettenberger?
Besides the Redskins taking Scherff and the Jets taking Williams?
like mooch was just saying, reminds me of Aldon.
DONT FUCK THIS UP REDSKINS
So true it stings.
Niner fans: "You can't predict Baalke draft picks, he's a mega genius. Armstead sucks."
Which gaps? I thought Jeff Allen was at least competent for RT. We got Ben Grubbs for LG, Eric Fisher LT, Zach Fulton RG. We did lose Hudson, so we'll probably pick up a center in 3rd or 4th round.
Come on Jags. Start the craziness like you did last year.
I think I'm more excited to see what happens at #2 than I am to see who we take
so? I am too
And Jackson? Thank God I have NFL network
This damn draft is gonna take forever.
[Here you go](https://www.google.ca/search?q=spoiler&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ei=HOlCVcihC4GjyASRlYDwAg&ved=0CAcQ_AUoAQ&biw=1920&bih=955)
Do you get to just make up your nickname on NFLN? Because if that guys is "Money" I'm henceforth to be known as the "Dance Commander".
Why are they waiting so long after the pick is in....
Im ok with that. I think every spot on our line is open except LT.
My guess is to make room for interviews, stage visits, etc. 
http://i.imgur.com/c2806ob.gif
I'm already happy! That interview made my heart melt! Glad to have someone one like Gordon who wanted to play for us and who looks up to LT like that! I'm ready for this season! 
No Williams in AFC East!
So disappointed that there hasn't been a trade frenzy 
WHO THE FUCK PUT MEL KIPER AND JOHN GRUDEN NEXT TO EACH OTHER
Looked like the owners bryan and joel on the phone, I would bet talking to the person they just picked
Sorry it was hyperbole, but she does get upset for at least the afternoon. There's a long story attached to her fandom, but I've become a big Gmen fan since dating her. Eli definitely needs some help, so hopefully this works out for you guys.
Browns not exactly the same type of player as Wilfork. But he will definitely help bolster the d-line. An area of need for us too. Good pick for sure
Now you have von miller, demarcus ware and Shane Ray coming after Alex smith. I don't know why you would like this pick
He gon' have fun in Denver.
Yeah seems worth it
Apparently Texans were never interested in him via Pancakes.
He won't be allowed near a PEE-WEE football field if he makes that trade and fucks it up.
Ahhhhh, ok. So that's where it goes wrong for him. If he went undrafted, he's just like some random player off of the streets, potential be damned.
Some people are complaining because we didn't pick up Malcom Brown
I've put my trust in the last couple coaches as well. Didn't pan out for us. 
IT'S CHIPS WILD RIDE AND WE'RE ALL ON IT
Ok... you're right and the nearly every single draft prognosticator who said we were going to draft him (And were right, by the way) is wrong... 

What do you know that every draft expert had a mid first round draft grade on the guy doesn't?
The last Cedric the Bengals had sure was great
Agholor is a beast.
gotta squeeze in 12 commercial breaks in between.
I wonder if he knew it was going to happen and he had already started to discuss getting out of Tennessee. 
i sure hope so.. 
Wait what about Tre Mason? Wasn't he good?
Like others have said, we have 8 picks still, and our line wasn't great last year but it started to gel at the end of the season, and we marginally upgraded Bell, by the slimmest of fucking margins but it is an improvement. We also missed a lot of our best blockers for a lot of the season. Not that LT isn't a huge glaring need but our GM has said many many times that he isn't gonna reach to fill a need. 

If he can maintain his draft success I don't mind waiting on an LT, cause he didn't take a single Tackle last year in the draft even though our line was worse, but every player he took was a major contributor to our team outside of our injured 7th round pick who may do well on the Pats this season.
Is he good? 
Agholor > Jones
Or he saw both people, had 10 minutes to think about it, and said we should probably give our new franchise QB some good WRs.
Oh... WE MAY NEVER AGREE, BUT IN MY HEART I KNOW ITS GREAT.
"Boo!"
-Jets fans 1963-2015
I think I love that pick
He's also good at playing football
Jesus Rivers keep it in your pants man.
thank you based ghost of Al Davis
So has the NFL. It's not an RB driven league anymore
I have no problem with that.. You?
SAN DIEGO FOR US
Don't forgot Moncrief and Cris Carters kid. We are fucking loaded at WR. 5-wide ALL DAY!
Can't believe the lions just had a shot at him and traded down...WTF
[but actually](http://cdn.fansided.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/229/files/2014/08/jimmy-clausen-nfl-preseason-philadelphia-eagles-chicago-bears.jpg)
[To San Diego and St. Louis](http://i.imgur.com/EcL9ojJ.gif)
I want to play human pacman. I'm not willing to drink Bud Light to do it though. 
What size you wear fam?
Winning an SB as a coach..
god damn it. my fucking stream just went out. 
I hate when players do this. Wish they would go out and compete/earn their playing time 
I'm sure there's a recruiting violation there somewhere.
He's not a natural CB and he isn't a great tackler. That paired with the fact Brown and Kendricks were still on the board
Several cocaines 
Damn, so true. BB knows how to pull those 4-7 round picks man. 1-3 round picks? Eh, trade down to get more 4-7 rounders.
Erceck just looks like somebody smashed their face into a keyboard.
A bit late
Finally a WR http://imgur.com/6JTEK5L
Woah. Tre Mason is going to be pissed. 
I'm bored, somebody do something drastic and reckless
Tre Mason looked pretty real to me. 
http://i.imgur.com/zibPADA.jpg
It seems like Grudan can't stand Kiper. 
It's a kicker year
Let's go duke?
From just Heap, not sure. He would always give both gloves and wristbands out. Very few players even bothered at all, the guy was for sure the most generous visiting player I've seen. We would usually get 1-2 gloves a game when my brothers were young. We made it into a game and had a strategy to get them. Michael Vick gave what I would assume was his very last Falcons game ball to the same brother. We considered putting it on ebay or donating it to the humane society when the dog fighting stuff happened shortly afterwards.
Shaq is a bit faster and more agile than Kam, I think he's going to play LB though
No problem glad we could help. 
It'll be interesting to see who you draft tomorrow
Did Goodell just get booed?
Baalke might know something we don't know. Justin Smith retiring?
2 RBs in the 1st round
well it looks like a lot agree with me that it was a reach 
CAT
A white AND a gold bow tie?

Ballin
Yes but did his teammates go to his birthday party?
Damn Andy why you cockblocking us so much?
Booooourns....I'm working on it.
Montana was great before Rice. Young was not.
IF U GONNA DO IT BIG DEN WE GON DO IT BIG
PICK IS IN!
First of all, please drop the slurs.

Secondly, read this thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34f4zw/draft_day_plan/
Tough dilemma brother. I am just glad a Cane went in the first round this year
Leonard Williams has some great hair. 
There goes that.
Great Draft Draft so far guys!
Shouldn't draft based on need
[LaaaaaaBbbbroooooon Jameees](https://ronehot1079philly.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/ap_nba_finals_lebron_james_jt_110612_wg1-478x268.jpg?w=220&h=252&crop=1)
*Whoa
Landon Collins would implode the reddit eagles fanbase
Wouldn't it be funny as hell if the Titans missed the time limit, and the Jags got to pick?
Fell way too late
We passed on Gregory....
You're kidding right? lol
I wish they would show defensive highlights that didn't just include blown coverage.
RIP AFC East Quarterbacks.
Winston is a bust. JaMarcus Russell 2.0
*No spoilers*

...what? Can someone explain this to me? How would there be spoilers?
"I CAN FILL THIS LOTTERY MACHINE WITH 31 BALLS THAT SAY KNICKS IF I WANT, YOU WORTHLESS PEONS! YOUR HATE SUSTAINS ME!"
Hayden wasnt bpa...
that'd be fantastic, IMO. Grayson is far and away my favorite QB prospect this year (outside of Winston and Mariota)
Ehhhhhhhh..
Drafted by the Red Sox and went 0 for 39 with 37 strikeouts.
Dorset, Devin Smith, Perriman, Max Williams, Byron Jones, trade back.

Also Jaelen Strong and Gregory
Its gonna so awesome to watch the train wreck in San Fran this year.
We are absolutely trading down, I think
Chip Kelly made the Titans an offer they couldn't refuse...but they refused it anyway.
Oh god we got Malcom Brown... thanks Colts
I don't see him being more then a run stuffer. Maybe teams feel the same way.
*feigns surprise*
I am praying for you Tom Brady
This must be super awkward. 
He has a QB to throw him the ball... Wait what?
Fuck Yea a qb with personality that isn't manziel
Highlight videos are nice, but it doesn't show anything worthwhile. I see USC beating up on unranked teams. I don't see how he's going to translate to the NFL without playing against any serious competition.
They're mentioning two or three guys every pick, and it's always one of them. To me it looks like they've decided not to give it away by calling it early, but are still putting those names out there so they look smart.
Goodell likes money
REEEAAACCCHHHHH

Shit I wanted him
Hey Titan Bro....Take it easy with the drinks, Draft just started.
Ask anybody before the draft what our strongest positions are and I guarantee LB is in the top 3.. So of course we take another one in the first round. 

The fuck indeed. Must trust gettlemagic. 
Has anyone even thought to ask for a pic yet?! 
Uncle Reid 
They're all good players, he could have been had without trading up. RB's are dime a dozen anyway.
Not a lot of surprises so far
Other teams trying to move up too. Cowboys really wanted him. 
WHAT?!
He's not wearing a dress because he is a crossdresser- ESPN
Not really. He is a decent enough backup. I wouldn't want him starting at Center if my team was in the Superbowl, if ya know what I'm sayin
These chicks don't even know the name of my....
Hmmm that's not a bad idea actually. I'll give it a go, thanks!
Blank space playing over video of Chip Kelly is just too fucking perfect
At or inside? ESPN was outside.
Cuz he so fast
I'm not a basketball guy, but I'm pretty sure that's really really bad
i told someone id put his madden ratings at somehting like 

run block: 78 
pass block: 70

he needs a lot of work
Come on Tampa, throw a curveball and draft Melvin Gordon.
My boy Lenny gonna have whoever passed on him regret it big time.
That's a solid pick. I expect he'll be a great player for them.
YES! YES! YES!
And Goodell was booed by the audiance lol.
Fuck me, right?
Lol if he's at 10 fisher will draft him instantly 
Tough to be an excellent team when your quarterback can't throw and constantly runs into pressure because he has no pocket awareness.
I don't know, but the Falcons should pick him up along with Irvine. 
Damn, I can't say how this pick actually is for the Saints, but it's interesting.

Seriously, how do you guys seem to have an encyclopedic knowledge of this shit?
"Baalke is so unpredictable"
It's so beautiful ;_;
Ice Mets*
WE HAVE TO MAKE THESE COUNT
"The Tennessee Titans select Marcus... uh... Mario-toh..." 
 
YOU HAD ONE JOB, GOODELL.
I do too, but unfortunately it's the reality of the situation.
**Psst..... hey.... hey Baltimore.**

**Can I interest you in one near-mint, slightly used Staced God? For the low low price of a third rounder?**
wait until tommorow mourning to post this
Say again. 
Why do they keep interrupting these commercials with draft picks?
RAMS HAVE BEEN INFECTED BY OUR PENCHANT FOR WEIRD DRAFT DECISIONS
#GO SPORTS
What, no mind blown gif this time? ;)
Yeah, but we also wanted Evans last year and got Odell. Here's to hoping it works out the same way.
Mariato? Really Roger?
It made an Eagles fan like me scream. 
For the rest of the hour as in that was the last set of them until 9pm hour
Glad to know Dallas owns the right to drafting OL. Do we owe them royalties?
I know he didn't contribute that much, but is Nicks still there too?
My Oregon friend thinks he will be a total bust.
Hey, it works for us.
Wait what!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
He was drafted by the Red Sox a couple years ago.
Well, I mean, they did also get the lower end of the stick with their trade to us too. They don't seem too smart lately.
Apparently Forte is doing an AMA tomorrow?!!!!
...wat. 
jets are one of the best places to play on the d-line and they are way more scrutinized than tampa or jacksonville.

did I miss the sarcasm or something?
Not if he's capable of playing quarterback for once.
We'll let go of Jonathan Joseph after this year
Marioto...
Pick it up Goodell!
And the Lions got Laken...hmm
Mariota has no idea WTF is about to happen, he looked so nervous.
You know I didn't think of it like that. Someone said TY was on the last year of his contract right? Well I feel TY is going to want a large contract and the Colts probably want to put more money on Luck than TY. So in that regards it makes sense to draft his replacement this year. Only thing is, they probably could have done that in round 2 and drafted D-line now. 
No no, Sith Lord != Odin
He's listed at 6' 0". That's okay size
God I wish the NFL would release footage of team war rooms after the draft. I can't even imagine what it sounds like in Tennessee, Philly, or Chicago's draft rooms right now. And the Vikings of course. They had video on their website of slick rick dealing with the Browns last year and trading up for Teddy. It was awesome seeing how it actually went down. 
Shit's as deep as the Bears' recieving corps
Jesus commercial free until 9 yall need to get your ears checked
The thing is, he's not in the competition. He was already 3rd string and Fisher didn't let him compete. He had no future in St. Louis even before the Gurley pick but now it's a guarantee.
Jeff Fisher may be willing to wait for Todd Gurley, but will the Rams be willing to wait for Jeff Fisher?
Give me Eddie Goldman if not Brown.
Between the Mo trade talk and the Williams pick everyone seems the forget about the highest talent ceiling overall in Richardson/most safety production.
That sound you heard was everyone turning off ESPN because all the draft picks are in
Now the draft actually begins
one Dorial Green-Beckham please.
BOO THIS MAN!

Tougher than the AFCN? Or do you mean with regards to run defense only.
Seriously... 

I can't wait
So does that mean even after a pick is chosen I can't talk about it...?

Also the weird intro is over so now I see I'm watching the ESPN stream.
Kam's much more in the box than I think Shaq should be, but if it's speed you want and SS you need to improve, Shaq's your guy.
That's not a spoiler lol
LOL yeah right
Damnit :( I cant count
I don't know if he was an NFL feature back.
you take your joique bell and be happy about it!
I actually agree with a jax pick , dafuk
HAVE TO. 
He was drafted where he was supposed to be so it's not a reach. He just doesn't fill a need the Colts have.
DAMMIT!
Parker to SF confirmed.
Peat is your guy
Cleveland. 
Fuck, really got attached to the idea of Jets moving up for Mariota.
If we see the Titans hold onto their #2 pick spot and in fact draft Mariotta, can a team like the Eagles still work out a deal with the Titans to acquire Mariotta anyway?

I did a slow jaw drop
Humphries or Clemmings I think.
post a definition of a reach
I expect some people will definitely feel better about it after Cooper shows himself as the best WR we've had on the roster since Randy Moss' body was here.
You don't think the Panthers would pick Clemmings? He's pretty great...
if the titans really refused to take the philly offer that was reported they truly are the dumbest fucking franchise in existence in all of professional sports
I'm so happy with this pick! Bud is a monster.
Oh, I know. But the talent is still there so I don't completely fault the Cards for taking a shot on him.

I think he'll either be very good or very bad, not so much in between.
Is this the same as NFL Network, it doesn't seem like it yet, have yet to see Mayock
Titans war room makes it look like they don't know there's more than one round in the draft. Everybody is leaving after the pick was finalized.
Of course. Infact its a good idea
CAN CONFIRM
hes got a big smile
Too expensive
i can live with that
COME ON WILLIAMS. WERE KILLING QBS IN NY
Why? Curious..


incoming ha ha
WILLIAMS IS AVAILABLE AAAAAAAAAAH
THIS IS LIKE THE 5TH BIGGEST THING TO HAPPEN TO DUKE SPORTS THIS MONTH! THANK GOD WE GOT THIS!
Watch your back Derek.
in one game
Go back to the sad Eagles fans at their watch party...
Ha! That was sad but funny. I thought it was legit until I opened the thread.
Damn, Nintendo 64 girl turned out to be a stunner.
Hahahahaha, I can't hate this. GG, Jets.
Who are the other 4?
They got a meh G and two low round picks.
I... Would not.
God damn. 
We got 2 mid round picks and still got (presumably) the guy we were targeting. Generally the idea with trading back.
So much hope tonight. Nothing but bright futures.

Sell the barn for Mariota.
Was it Mariota? Cuz he did get leid.
I'm happy af
There is your problem. You listened to the hype of a draft. Crazy trades are not as common as you think. IT is mildly surprising no one has traded up yet, but hardly unprecedented.
what's the highest a Guard has ever been taken?
>See: 2015 Browns

Gonna be honest, everyone that I talked to loved the jerseys. 
Oakland pick already in!
SO MUCH SOKLLLLLLLL

ABOUT TO TAKE OFF. 

WILL BUY WIFI FOR REDDIT. 

I LOVE YOU ALL. 
ONE SHELTON PLEASE
Mel Kiper is a used car salesmen who found himself in the right place at the right time. 
Hush Child! There is a time and a place...

BTW you wanna talk about overloading a position, what you need 6 starting caliber WR's for?
Redskins not a flashy pick but if you like winning then you'll like this pick. McClpughennnsjdkeow however the fuck your spell it made a solid pick and this dude knows what the fuck he's doing. Be happy, two years from now you guys will be contending for a super bowl.
I'm just not convinced since he forced Jake Locker to stay in the pocket and reduced his effectiveness last year. I don't see him changing too much this year.
DXL commercial to remind me the mall doesnt offer my size
Guard or Center is less sexy
PRAYING BEASLEY FALLS
twitter on tv, drink
Carr just got a shiny new toy.
This is why we're a 2-14 team. Time to clean house again
"How many Heisman Trophies does Tannehill have?"
I like Williams but I wouldn't be upset about trading down.
my thoughts exactly, what appears to be a solid NT in a 3-4 when they are really hard to come by?
Are you fucking serious...what the actual fuck Ted...
I was terrified of facing Williams.. thanks WAS, I'll take those -2 sacks per year instead.
This draft has been pretty boring for the most part. No trades. Nothing too out of the ordinary other than the Redskins.
Harsh, but not untrue.
Brady took the leagues worst defense to the Super Bowl in 2011. The secondary was especially hot garbage. I'd be shocked if Brady couldn't drag that team to the playoffs at least. 


"Where's my fucking shoe?!" - Chip Kelly
Yeah, I'm really pissed he didn't.
Dammit, they would show a Packers fan that looks like a cow fucker. Thanks 

edit: Lol fuck all y'all! I set myself up 
Honestly our depth is ridiculous. We have Babin, Harrison and Douzable, who are all great for depth.
if we take armstead im punching a hole in my wall.
He's too busy counting his money
Everybody knows that Mariota will be the starter. Maybe not this year but the writing is on the wall. If Metternberger is traded now, he gets more time to learn the playbook and adjust to the system of a team where he'll be given a shot to become the long-term starter.
first yikes moment of the draft. 
Are you sure? They just showed a bunch of highlights
HAHAHAHA FUCK YOU BEARS!!
fuck the bucks
[Goodell messing up Mariota's name](https://vine.co/v/e7nQ0TraepJ)
Does this mean CHI takes Beasley? :(
Which means we'll find out 10 minutes from now lol
How far are Gregory and Ray going to fall?
I want him... 
NOOOOOOOOOO HE WAS OURS!
Will probably get his wish Saturday.
They need to iron the names on the back of the jerseys.
[You might want to read this](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/business/wp/2015/04/28/the-nfl-is-dropping-its-tax-exempt-status-why-that-ends-up-helping-them-out/)
remember when people said OBJ would be a bust? 
Wow... Didn't see that one coming at all...
Not sure why I am still yelling BUT I LIKE THAT BRIDGEWATER GUY
Kill all QBs you play, best strategy 2054.
One thing is that Ted generally hasn't drafted based on combine stuff (Nick Perry being the exception) and gone off of good football players. 
Perriman is about to fall into Baltimore's lap. Damn!
The moment when you realize your stream's a minute behind
If this means you're predicting the rams make the playoffs....then i love you
but if it's just the sunny reference then I still like you
Thanks Houston bros, let Jones fall
Trent please
He looked through your post history, he knows everything about you now. 
I LOVE MY GM
Peters fucked up wayyyyy worse though, in many opinions. 
What happened to Landon?
Since the Titans selected Marioto, the Eagles could still get Mariota later this round.
I'm not watching the draft coverage, but do they really need Gruden there? Like, can't they just roll the tape of him saying "I really like this pick" every time a team drafts? If he trashes a team's draft pick it should deserve its own game thread.
Fucking Pirates of the Caribbean music I love it
THATS MORE LIKE IT CHICAGO FANS!
Man fuck that green-Beckham troll I had a heart attack
My thinking is SF gave them the idea that others wanted to trade to 15 for gordon. 
Love those boos :)
Number 1 overall.

Also, it is widely known he would have been a top 10 pick in last year's draft.

http://www.si.com/nfl/audibles/2014/05/13/2015-nfl-mock-draft-cedric-ogbuehi
Not yet, Von will groom him properly 
History!
I was giddy when Collins fell to us...now I'm just sad...
Fuck. How do I root for Gordon while having the chargers go 0-16

Dank Marioto there m8
ANOTHER FUCKING COMMERCIAL FUCK YOU 
Did Goodell start to have a stroke halfway through the Mariota pick?
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT. FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK

I hate the words RAW and UPSIDE. that just means big and can't play fucking football
What the fuck!! We have to play this guy now!!!!
More like just alright horn.
Carr to Cooper... I like the sound of that
I don't get this trade from the Chargers side. Two spots to give up your 4th and 5th?

What?
Two and a half Washington Huskies? Wow
I wonder what kind of shoe will drop? A boot? A flip-flop?
I'd let her touch my draft board if you know what I mean, nod, nod, wink, wink. 
Leonard Williams, dude is a top 3 in my opinion.
BUST
First player drafted because of how hot his sister is?
Mike Tirico isn't a Super Bowl-winning coach.
Come on, do it Jets. PLEASE do it. 
So far only surprise has been Scherff, no trades, no excitement yet haha
Winston is picked 
Well that fucking sucks. What the fuck Chip
Mettenberger to Eagles
It's been an hour. Ripping his dick off must have killed him.

RIP
SCREE SHHHHHHHHHH 
Tell that to JPP
Wow didn't think we'd have a chance at Beasley
That finger wag tho 
That songs about ugly girls crashing a party, so I guess it's kinda accurate
Man, it feels weird to not be picking right now lol
Apparently you and Chip share a mentality 
Last time a division rival did that, one got a very good player who arguably one of the best single-season of all time... and the other got Brandon Graham.
Going to the Titans is kind of like retiring I guess. 
BOOOOOOOOOO
THE GREATEST FOOTBALL TEAM
2 minutes!
Couldn't believe Parker didn't go to the Browns. Shocked.
I'd imagine they are waiting until the Browns first pick or the second if they have a three way with Philly.
Johnson isnt a long term solution and they are addressing a need for the future with who they thought was best
Roger Goodell's gonna get hit by a car tonight?
I'm a fool for thinking this would stop after the draft was over. I know this now.
He's wearing purple cause he wanted to be a raven

/mydreams
That's what Flacco said
Well you guys have fucked us too many times to count. Consider that payback until the day we beat you.
it's the strip club capital of America.
But..but, First Friday?
I think they're both on a 3:1, commercial:draft ratio. So whomever you like more.
Lol now he's gonna call the raiders racist for not picking a white player
Our front office is an embarrassment. Draft a QB at #2 when we don't need a QB. Fuck you Ruston I hope you get shown the door mid season
The TO of CB's? So...one of the best CB's of his era? Okay.
welp theres ur answer
Come on Bears, take Gurley, waste your pick!
It's been around for a while. Still dope.
Why do packers fans hate the vikings horn so much? Its just a horn lol calm down 
Way to butcher his name buddy.
Raiders have to take Cooper if they want a shot in the division
STEELERS ON THE CLOCK AHHH
Mayock 3/3 so far^captain ^obvious ^reporting
So what do you think of our pick?
Damn that's rough
Switch to the idiots at ESPN then 
Holy fuck Rivers has 8 kids? 
To us in the second pl0x
Thats rough considering he isn't even a suspect. Everything he's been working towards partially ruined because he knows someone who was murdered. 
JimPlunketsAssChin doesn't give a shit obviously. But I'm obligated to hate Kevin White now, he joined the fucking Bears.
I went to FSU but I understand teams have different needs other than my bias 
it had better be the guy and not the dancing girl. this is gonna be a shit pick.
Saints got him :(
McDermott and Rivera are pretty good at that, at least. He'll likely be taking the spot Colin Jones was filling last year. 
Until Bradford stays healthy and goes nuts. He's a top 10 QB if he plays a full season EASY.
Manny Ramirez 
"Dick Butkus?! Coach, he's cursing!"
What about having a tiny penis?
Why does it take so long to announce the pick after its locked in, are they putting the names on the jersey. 
While we have the time, I hope Chicago boos the Jets pick. It wouldn't be a draft without the Jets' pick being relentlessly booed no matter who it is.
FTJ
I sure hope not, but I'm not optimistic.
Only here cause its free on xbox one
Lmao before he even speaks there are boos. Way to be Chicago. We pass the torch to you.
it's ok maybe if you get your pick in on time you can have mariota next year 
We're gonna be like the Bills are with Bills
Fuck that shit

Uh...
That's really interesting. Looks like the skins are sticking to their guns on RG3. I'm cool with it.
TIL Blacremento is a Ravens fan. 

Carmelo fan?
some of these drops are ridiculous 
Eh. I don't think Perriman would have been worth it. We can find a #2 guy later, this pick honestly hits an immediate need (safety) and can fill a future need (OLB) if he develops as the front office appears to think he can.

And at least for the time being he'll be one of the best guys on the special teams unit.
Really? Why Amari Cooper?
Lapse of judgement. Knew it when I hit "enter"
eh .. I do but that game is a slaughter
that would be a great Yin to Benjamin's Yang
Jake Fisher in the second you think? 
Like, creepily exact, they even have the same hand size...
hey ~~Ras I Dowling~~ ~~Tavon Wilson~~ ~~Terrence Wheatley~~ ~~Darius Butler~~ ~~Eugene Wilson~~ PATRICK CHUNG worked out for us!! 
Orlando Franklin, D line you're right. Drafts far from over.
Who's gonna take a shot on Shane Ray?

I mean Peters just went off the board and he has red flags everywhere. 
I know that much, being a Lions fan myself (can't have two flairs). Glad to see the line improved.
That was an extremely dull reaction.
Oh God...The Jets Defense is scary
Our line has been a liability for a while. I like this. 
It wasn't misunderstood it just wasn't funny. Your shits weak
Whoops 
i hope jeremy renner is back in this one
Spurs gonna kick that ass, but that's a discussion for another thread on another sub.
damn, good pick Philly.
/r/nfl in a nutshell. 
Tebow - Manziel, this season in The Fairly Odd Couple!
This is easily as WTF a pick as Donald Brown.
shows how out of the loop he is
ayyy 
Guess he won't be my keeper....
Uhhhhh.
I either wanted Cooper or Williams. 

Now we need to address CB at some point in the draft. 
I'M FUCKING CRYING
typical al davis pick
Interesting pick.
Niner fans eating crow right now
Grigson wants to score 50 pts a game
Skins get Leonard??? This would make me so happy.
Good good good good good good!!!
What was that bet over again? If Demarco Murray landed with the Eagles?
I understand a lot of Ravens fans don't like this pick but look at it this way, outside of the Bengals and Browns no one else in the AFC North has a secondary.

Not sure how this helps anyone I think I'm just venting my frustration at this point. :) 
Given how long they took to pick it's obvious they tried and failed.
This is the silliest reasoning ever. The dude is 6'1"...
He must know he won't be a Titan.
I am wrong but still a good pick.. I am just happy Oakland didn't get cobb.
We tried :/
You and me both...
*chuckles*
I did too lol
Wooooooowwww
WHAT IS GOING ON
CHIP STRIKES AGAIN. 
actually a nice pick, jealous they got this guy. 
I've actually heard a lot of teams were really high on him. This is coming from someone who was on the anti Gregory train up until the last week. I think worst case scenario is a future top LG
Get the 5th year option
And leading tackler. 
And water is wet, and the sky is blue.
I don't like that pick at all. His change-of-direction is highly questionable at best. Somebody made a great point about him--he'll be great on go routes, etc but get roasted on double-moves and comebacks forever. 
It's Andy's way.
I got bad news for you bro... 
All of the teams in talks for Mariota have better O-Lines to protect him so it's pretty understandable to be upset. Just look at Jake Locker.
Guess we going defense.
Nick Foles would like to speak with you about your misconceptions. 
To who?!
Bears fans are... Happy...? 

I don't understand, this isn't how the home team's fans are supposed to react to their draft picks. 
name botch
SAVAGE
32nd ranked run D. There you go. Nice pick.
Perriman was the best WR available. Everyone has him above Strong.
I prefer NFLN because of Mayock and Eisen. 
Cool as Joe Cool. No word from the kittens though.
It keeps switching colors
Space concerns.
If this is true, I am sad. What the fuck. 
Plz pick Cooper.
Yeah, Easley (1st round DT we drafted last year) did it all the time in college too.
Conflict. Funny post, fucking packers fan. Votes cancel each other out. 
Tall relievers? John rocker is probably available 
Colts...what are you doing. Your defense is horrid and you go speed WR?
No, please no
He's a tweener. Next. 
Healthy and he's beastly. 
I would have liked to see Shaquille O'Neil as an NFL RB
I would love to see another 3 minute batch before the Pats pick.
I've disliked this guy since he tweeted something along the lines of Josh Gordon not passing a drug test since some time in middle school iirc.
They can be smoking buddies too.
Well no surprise there, good pick 
Are you booing yet?
100% agree with this. It's really hard to say Mett wasn't capable when the team around him wasn't very good. But even then, why not take the Eagles offer, and draft the next best QB in the 2nd round, or the best available in a later round? They could have had a QB competition and let them battle it out. Maybe you end up with a franchise QB. With the picks and players they could've had, it would have been a great jump start in rebuilding the team. 
But, dad, she said she'd touch my peepee.
But who's to say dog fighting culture follows him to CA? Maybe he stays clean and his greatness continued to rise. Its all speculation.
Stern egged them on.
xD
i LOVE this pick
:( That's not nice! At least we're all Hawks fans! 
probably a good idea
Mel Kiper needs to make a 2016 Presidential Draft Board
It's happening.gif
wow all of a sudden i don't know who the fuck oakland is going to pick
go figure Shane Ray goes to Colorado
Don't they even put the phonetic spelling of each name on the card he walks out with?
Carolina hoarding linebackers.
Who else has been in one of those situations where everything is forced and feels incredibly awkward and people keep making terrible jokes to ease some tension?

That's what watching the official NFL stream is like right now.

There's no tension to ease, but their "banter" is just really awkward right now.
Gordon seems like a great kid and I hope he proves me wrong. 

I'm still pissed we traded up especially what we gave up
Eagles fans, from a USC fan, you're getting a really good receiver! Underrated imo
Thank God the bears didn't get him
THE MOCK DRAFTS ARE RIGHT
Beasley or Dupree
Awful fucking pick.
Seriously? More commercials?
solid pick
Damn, I was hoping he could fall to us
The plan is to intercept *everything*.
Feeling bad for Dupree now, projected to go top 10, wonder why he's being overlooked?
Scandrick is one of the better slot corners in the league, his name seriously shouldnt be in the same sentence as claiborne's
Are you questioning our lord and savior Dave Gettleman? 
Giants took a lengthy 5 seconds on that pick
A moldy cat turd would be better than Raiola. I think we did good with this trade.
For the 6th pick in the 2015 NFL draft the New York Jets pick a baked potato
Ninja'd that shit.
But can he get on base?
Odrick can play inside, but we signed him to play 5 tech. 
As a cavs fan im extremely disappointed by this
> apidimi 

You need to be more pacific with your words
He is not a headline name unless you are into ACC football, but I can see why the Saints drafted him. There were so many busts last year compared to 2013, so we need more IQ on Defense as much as we do talent.
The draft broke 100% the wrong way so any player the Giants were going to take was going to be a reach. 
Why are so many players wearing earphones? Mariota and now Cooper
Jake Fisher is a good player as well.
What?!
WHOA *Keanue Reeves*
He is average at best. At best. Which is not an endorsement. We don't have a single proven good CB on the roster.
Amari Cooper is incredible. I don't know how anyone could laugh at or hate that pick even with Leonard Williams on the board.
Hey. You are too, big fella!
ikr

may have been afraid of a team in the 20's try to jump ahead at 16. 
Winston's grandma was too sick to travel and I think Mariota just wanted to be at home with friends and family. 
I was definitely waiting. I felt it coming 
Big boy football player part two. 
That's a weird way to spell Laken Tomlinson
Levee-oh-saH
Schefty and rapoport are hyping the Rams pick on Twitter. Something exciting is coming.
Most of us aren't. Most of us wanted Williams, but there's so much to like about the Cooper pick that only a small minority are actually pissed.
Srsly? I'm gonna ask him why he killed my fantasy season in 2011.
You serious lol, Sheldon Richardson and Aldon smith just the last few years. 
Holy shit.... 
If it's any consolation they'll have a killer Madden team
As if this joke is going to be funny after we ruin it 12 minutes from now 
Word was that HOU was looking for an heir to Foster.
Thats...that is how I feel.
http://i.imgur.com/iYZM3QR.gif
Did the charges just trade up above the Texans for a RB?
I think thats how it will start out but he will eventually move to guard.
He lived with Lynch? 
Broncos picked DE now
I like it. We were really hurting at the end of the year without a running game. 
jokerherewego.gif
Steve Mariucci is really working that highlighter. Mayock is just sitting there with his red pen looking over like this is a grade school spelling test.
Have you seen their logo.
I love this dude. I had a slim hope he'd slide down to us, butI'll settle for seeing this man anchor the Browns line for years.
Perriman's hairline is more impressive than that broad jump TBH
LOVE the pick for Baltimore. Flacco's rainbows with him all day.
No spoilers, bitch.
I'm really looking forward to Cutler throwing his way this year.
I haven't given up on him yet. He sure didn't look good last year, but you know. Rookie and all.
Lose the drops and he'll be awesome 
Browns still have Mack right? is he not gonna play C?
Ehh. Black alternates are pretty boring. Not too shitty though, so that's a plus.
Are they booing Goodell? Haha that's hilarious.
There is an nfl network thread
You're doing alright

You've just got to finagle

This is harder drunk
I'm sure he has a few teams on his voice mail already. 
lol 9ers fans have been complaining for weeks about getting mocked Armstead.
Zac Stacy is demanding a trade.
All right yeah.
Wow that was quite the boo for Roger
Marcus MariotO
I fucking swear Grigson, if you take a receiver...
WOOO SHELTON
Packers fans pee sitting down
[Fuck You? No, no, no, no, no. Fuck **ME.**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyPaJSGDqS0)
Just imagining the fantasy points he would be able to put up in Dallas is scary.
WTF was your front office thinking?! Maybe they'll still trade him?
I want to come out for the game in October. Lambeau #1 on my bucket list
Winning Man Of The Year basically means you can veto your GMs draft pick? pretty sweet.
Fins get Parker. I'm sure the Fin fans are happy.
He's pretty good. I hear he wasn't a good fit for Kubiak's zone blocking scheme which needs more mobile, less beefy linemen.
Operation: Shit-on-AFCW-offenses is a go.
isn't Dupree an EDGE? 
Yeah, but Winston is going to choose one and throw to him all season. 
Nice pick, Browns!
I wasn't aware that Denver was even in the market for a DE.
I want bud!!!...Dupree
I wonder how many green room jokes Shane Ray has heard so far
Best RT
Malcom Brown is a pretty good DT and great value, but HE ISN'T A REPLACEMENT FOR WILFORK. He's not great with double teams really at all
Rip! Rip! Rip! Rip! Rip! Rip! Rip! Rip! Rip! Rip! 
I'm the same size as this dude lol 
[I was told there would be trades](http://media.salon.com/2014/04/office_space2.jpg)
COME ON WILLIAMS COME TO NEW YORK
Twist of the Millennium 
Yikes is right. Looked like a bell cow just two years ago. Now he's a third strong bench warmer with no shot of playing time. 
Plus it's way harder to find a franchise QB than any of those positions. If the Titans think that Mariota is that guy they'd be stupid to trade it for a few seasons of 7-9
Hey, a Titan. Congrats dude
This article sucks.
Not a good pick? [Really!?](http://media4.onsugar.com/files/2014/01/06/002/n/1922283/26a420cfbaf5460f_image.png.xxxlarge.jpg)
Well they could hardly fall.
This dude definitely looks like he tokes the 420 marijuana 
#OOOOOOOOOBS
This guy takes 5 seconds to get off the line in these clips.
I WANT MARCUS PETERS, AND IF I DON'T GET MARCUS PETERS I'M GOING TO BE REALLY REALLY SAD. AND WHEN I GET REALLY REALLY SAD I EAT LOTS OF CANDY. AND WHEN I EAT LOTS OF CANDY I WILL GAIN A LOT OF WEIGHT. AND WHEN I GAIN A LOT OF WEIGHT I WILL BECOME A LINEMAN. AND WHEN I BECOME A LINEMAN I WILL DESTROY EVERYTHING BECAUSE THE STEELERS DIDN'T GET MARCUS PETERS.
He seems like a real cool dude. 
Might as well see if the phone rings, never know what you could be offered!
Not Parker, so he can miraculously fall the 25
Don't the rams have like 3 solid backs already?
Brady RIP
Teams can trade rights to players.
Zac Stacy via [twitter](https://twitter.com/ZSTACY_/status/593946934819180544?s=09): "Yikes"
Be happy, great kid out of CT. Tons of smart and athleticism. 
http://i.imgur.com/8HI8EoB.png
[I made this for Chip](http://imgur.com/i095Rkr)
Berman called them picking a corner.

He's a wizard. Whoop!
You're telling me!
two spots and alex flannigan is in san diego for us two spots...
I'm still in shock about Cooper over Williams. But the fact that a couple other teams passed up on him makes me think there were some issues that kept him out of the top 5. 

I'm excited to see what Amari can do. 
Then two rounds will have gone by without us addressing our front seven.
Looking at Melvins reaction just makes me so happy.
Smart move. Oakland is making the playoffs this year. Guarantee it. 
If he busts, I don't know what an NFL lineman looks like anymore.
More commercials than last year, I'm sure of it. Horse's ass
Byro
Some big boy football player there. Gotta shore up that run D. 
lol?
I'm currently 31/32. I refuse to believe we picked a WR.
Maybe in 3-5 years.
Wow... fuck Suzy Kolber for that question.
Im pretty sure in this context they're saying he's a fast runner but makes quick moves
HUH
[Guys, I can't afford to keep blowing my mind...](https://i.imgur.com/a0xGdaE.gif)
His first name is Alvin.
Wisconsin.
I guess I'm a bit biased because I'm a canes fan too, but I am not that upset with this pick. Yes we need help elsewhere, but I watched Dorsett all year and the kid can ball. He's insanely fast and has made some really great catches. Plus he was an amazing punt/kick returner for us and could see him easily jumping right into that role to build confidence to start the year.

Yes, we're going to score points, but is it so bad to have WR depth when he was one of the best players available on the board still?

Another cane I wish they would have taken was Perryman, but alas, we have insane WR depth now. 
There is a reason why those GMs get to pick early...
It's not a good pick. I wish him the best, but he's not the answer there. Glaringly obvious to me, but maybe I'm wrong. FWIW, I don't know if Mariota would have been the answer either, but Tampa did have to pick one of the two of them. It's a gamble either way. Shitty year to have the #1 pick when you need a QB..
Temnessee has to have 10 phones going right now.
Good analysis.
If not, I'm sure the Ravens will coach him up to be fully capable
What the author prefers is irrelevant to how you should base your opinion. Kurt Cobain wasn't a huge fan of Nevermind, should I not like it because of that? 
I was watching some of his camp thing with Kiper last night and he was critical of most of the corners' tackling ability
So will Gurley play pretty well one season then get replaced in the draft the next year? That seems to be the trend in St. Louis.
http://www.nfl.com/draft/2015/live?module=HP11_traffic_driver
Is he really worth 17? I keep hearing mixed things.
Bucs war room looks really torn lol
None of them are outside rushers. Unless Bowles is about to invent some sort of ridiculous monster 4 man front
I believe this, but how does the QB not get sacked nearly every time? The pass would have to be so fast there could be no separation.
BOOOOOOOOOOOO
Luigi's other brother.
Jags have a lot of practice with early picks.
We even see the tip of his penis, fantastic.
Even Gruden... :(
Goodell must have watched that Key and Peele substitute teacher skit before the draft.
Can't stand Kiper. Love Mayock. I really like Gruden too though. Can we trade Gruden to NFL network? Eisen, Gruden, Mayock....
Good pick. A step in the right direction.m..
BYRON JONES OR MARCUS PETERS PLEASE
Just Winston Baby 
No, too old
Fuck, this is a really good pick for the Dolphins.
Well the fruit won't be hanging at all if he rips it off
"That was today? I've got bowling."
OZZIE NEWSOME
Todd McShay is in a dark room somewhere deep in the bowels of the Auditorium Theatre beating the shit out of his Mel Kiper voodoo doll. 
As long as he doesn't make it all the way round to the saints next pick
Starks then. Point still stands.
I bet chips hiding in the envelope 
TEBOW COCK SUCKING COMMENT, DRINK
NOBODY COULD HAVE SEEN THIS COMING!!'n
Phew
A new receiver for Cutler.
You got a CB, and you get a CB, everyone gets a CB!
Is that like bukkake?
=D
*For the 20th pick the Eagles select no one because this is stupid and you're all stupid.*
I'm cool with it
So I guess those rumors of the Jags liking Fowler were true after all.
Some dude made a post the Colts were gonna pick this guy. Lol
For shiggles
We'll that was anti climatic. 
RIP
Not going to break our streak of first round Defensive picks.
oh fuck
Woooooowwww....lets go
BOOOOOOO GO BACK TO NEW YORK.
Hot damn, that is one big mother fucker.
Gruden looks like he wanna drop Kiper on his ass
But I wanted Dante :(
I know I'm late in saying this, but damn that next-team-fountain-colour thing is cool as hell
Yeah, a lot. I'm sure O'Brien did too, which is why SD jumped us.
Holy shit it passed so fast 
They'll regret this when they fire Ken Whisenhunt in a couple years.
Schreff?? 
lol Goodell boos.
He's worth 100 million ge cab afforded to have many more, the bigger question is she must be looser then a Catholic school girl. 
I can't believe Randy Gregory hasn't been picked yet. Thats surprising.
 I like Jalean Strong but I guess Perriman will do. He seems to have better hands than Torrey Smith so thats a plus 
I saw him at a McDonalds in the U district
All of the OT's getting taken.

No fucking idea what we're gonna do.
Will Bears fans boo their own pick?
what? You got Frank the Tank. Watch what he does.
I mean, I really really really wanted Mariota, but I kind of feel relieved now. I can't believe Chip Kelly was willing to make such a reckless move. It's like we just averted destruction by our own hand.
"no one can stop this kid, other than his acl injury!"

well that's a pretty damn big obstacle.
This draft is boring as fuuuuck
Steelers take an OLB? Well I never!

Also, come to us Byron, you're our only hope!
I had a conversation with Jameis at a barber shop in Tallahassee last year, we're basically best friends. AMA. 
There were some rumors that Manny was gonna get cut soon. Plus it relieves 3 mil in cap space. I love Manny but he's falling past his prime at a quick rate 
adderall.... lots and lots of adderall.
I love you for taking Leo Williams out of the mix and making them scramble at the last second. Thank you Jets, you completely mugged the Bears when they gave Marshall and a 7th for your 5th, then you fucked them over once more be getting Leo Williams off the board right when they got hyped to get him, then had to quickly adjust to not being able to.

Do you want a new Jets fan? Because this is how you get a new Jets fan. (as a secondary favorite in the off conference)
Still no trades! Cleveland please!
I am fully ERECKT
Hear hear! Huzzah!!
Bruce Arians is the only coach who could pull that hat off
Gotta be Kevin White here
same
Gotta be for gordon, right?
I hope we don't screw this up and pick a kicker.
Me too, he seems like a genuinely good dude.
great OT from Texas A&M. 
Nice bald spot, Jed.
Marshall Faulk? Steven Jackson?
Gordon, Oliver, Woodhead. The GOW: Gears of War
So? Not really a bold prediction.
IOWA IS a factory for O linemen
Is that how you describe the rushing lanes?
Come back Danny. Plz. 
yeah haha, 4 first rounders!
Chip is drafting Landon Collins. Lolol
Dupree to Texans
Titans should be hyped. Mariota is gonna tear the league up
And someone else could have traded up
If true, Tennessee is crazy to turn that down, IMO.
With a 4.24 40, you bet your ass he can.
Rams select Gurley!
"Commercial free"
So far the only shocking thing has been Williams falling to the Jets. Maybe Rams drafting Gurley. 
He'll be awesome. He's Samoan. Samoans are like the golden breed of football players.
That we're going to pick much later tonight
All the Viking fans saying they wouldn't pick him. 
He's always been projected as a potential all pro guard who CAN play Tackle. With this pick he can slot into RG and finally settle in at his natural position. If Flowers can improve on his pass protection with pro level coaching our OL can easily be this year's Cowboys where we go from "meh" to an elite line overnight. 
Getting Gurley with Tre Mason already there, interesting
Its Instagram
He can't catch the football, he's a reach.
I think that's going to be a great pick for the Rams. 

NOBODY will want to play them. 
fuck.

Come on Baalke, work that magic and lets bail on this pick.
Trading up for RB in the 1st round O_o????
It's a trap!
[**@RobDemovsky**](https://twitter.com/RobDemovsky/)

> [2015-05-01 03:21 UTC](https://twitter.com/RobDemovsky/status/593978581912559617)

> \#Packers are going to play @RandallTime at cornerback, according to a source. They love his cover ability.

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

He wont just be one solidified position, at least for a few years. He will be a hybrid. That's just what Dom Capers defenses need. Right now we have a bunch of hybrid players, and always have. He will also play a lot of special teams. I'd say his versatility in Capers system is definitely worth a late first round pick.
Kill for what?
Fuck it all....
OH MY!!!! Leonard has been passed up. Redskins you better take him!
Fuck it, lets call it 2/8ths back
Cuz he's Samoan
They went to the same high school, too. 
Not even a spot for him on y'alls line though
*yyyyYYYYYYEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH* BEAST D LINE
Ahh the great Marcus Marioto
He's surprisingly soft spoken
I must have missed that reading this damn thread
TRADE UP FALCONS
You'd think something that big would have been decided going in...
....what
Would've never guessed that Randall would be the first Sun Devil off the board.
Sometimes we're ok with normalcy
We traded it for seventeen 6th round picks.
#TRIGGERED
They could still trade...

Unlikely though.
"You just made my shit list boy." 
See, Denver doesn't care that a guy likes some weed, it's not like it helps you play football better or something.
Marcus Mariato!
To each their own. I really like the guy. We'll see
Fuck off troll.
http://i.imgur.com/MAoMnUu.jpg
Hell yes
We set at ol
Oh fuck you Redskins :(:(:(:(:(:(:(
http://imgur.com/HG41RgE
[yas](http://firstchoicedriversed.com/yahoo_site_admin/assets/images/excited_child.332101512_std.jpg)
That's not a beanbag, that's his balls. 
wait? is that Chris Rose from Intentional Talk?
Super Bowl... Duh
Same height as Sammy Watkins. Idk what you are saying
No kidding man. Everyone forgets to believe in Ozzie, until he's right.
That's not how the letter X works though..
Noooooope.
One year late!!!! 
he ripped up Beasely

what happens if you don't turn in your card on time?
Cooper and Warmack were much better prospects. Cooper was being called the best in 20 years. 
And California has more dairy farms, but nobody visits for the cheese.
Was Danny Shelton wearing a dress
stop taking a shit and announce the damn thing
Wait..? Alex Mack?
Bud's got a nice smile. 
......................NFL is better anyway
It was a joke. He's not worth much in a trade.
http://replygif.net/i/1486.gif
The NFL network is so terrible. Every person on camera on NFL network was clearly shaken as a baby, otherwise they wouldn't have brain damage
Bo 2.0 yeee

Oh. Well, nevermind.
Depends if we keep bribing Matthews with more Herbal Essences gift baskets to stay with ILB.
Yeah but you get more leverage the less time is on the clock.
Goddammit I wanted these CBs to fall
Chip is licking his lips right now
Does Minnesota have the longest freshwater coastline *in the world*? NOPE
Hopefully he does not fight with Reid he will eat him
Now we most likely have to deal with Leonard Williams for the next 4-5 years. God damn it
Real original
Don't forget Jay "Like I Give a Fuck" Cutler
What happens if a team doesn't draft in time?

yes! no williams for the redskins 
ah, thanks 
We shall see.
"Andy Reid conducted a *secret mission* to Oakland"

What, did he take a stealth helicopter in to capture and extract In-n-Out Burger?
THANKS JAGS, LET'S PICK UP THE PACE!
I wanted him.. :-|~~
I'm no NFL quarterback, but I've been punched in the face by drunk LSU fans on a couple occasions, so I consider the Mett incident to be the universe rebalancing. 
 
http://i.imgur.com/oDtRNyP.png
You mean the entire Giants draft strategy?
Mariotta loves to rep Hawaii, stayed home with friends fam, Winston wanted to be with his grandma iirc, and she can't/wont travel
Do you also pronounce dragon incorrectly in the midwest? :p
Mr. Marioto NOOOOOOOOO
(:
That dude seems skinny for a tackle 
Different needs. The Cowboys don't need more receivers. 
Malcolm browm baby'!!!!!
IN SLICK RICK WE TRUST
I am pretty sure most rookies have at least some degree of experience in the mechanics of their designated style of play. I would imagine quarterback would even be harder.
I think that they were close to a deal but it wasn't quite right yet so they drafted him to keep talks going
Shit, nice pick for NE
on da spot
The unedited parts make it even better
tied records, think we alternate first picks 
Haha did you lose a flair bet?
Not as fun as I'd hoped.
Out of 76 responses to the question by a Colts writer, 50 responded back with Landon Collins as our pick.

Thoughts?
Jesus Christ, is Mortenson having a stroke on screen?
Are the eagles going to trade for Mariota?
As a Raiders fan, FUCK.
Yup, now hopefully that player isn't Armstead. 
I'm a Lions fan and a Michigan State grad. And we draft a Duke player.

I am so confused as to what I should be feeling right now.
The bears traded one spot????????
Eagles are just as stupid for offering all that...
FUUUUUCCCKKKK
Good lord if that's true then they're retarded
But no, seriously, look at how elaborate that lei is. it's stunning. 
Don't they have two DTs already who are absurdly good. Maybe they go Kevin White: Fingers crossed
He's a good player
Who could the Texans want?
YEEEEEEAH
WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS TO SEATTLE ESPN. DO YOU THINK THEY'VE FORGOTTEN.
ohh you know its cool you guys didnt get him
Damn, one hell of a man, I wish him the best of luck in his career, and aspirations to help others. 


dgb to the 49ers?
Well Arizona has to pay the King's ransom for AD now. If it is going to happen at least we are going to get some good compensation.
Full on offense mode
Draft drama, I LOVE IT
He would sooner die than play for you guys.
Lies
Another UW/Panthers fan?!?! Did we just become best friends!?!?
Well thats boring
SI SI SI
I'll take one Bud Dupree please
Likewise with Rodgers, consider that he's a year behind and didn't start for 2-3 years.
u a bad boi
He looks so happy...
Great catch!

While Seymour, Warren and Easley would all eventually end up playing DE, they were generally projected as DT with DE secondary going into the draft. Including them alongside Wilfork;

Richard Seymour in 2001. Super Bowl

Ty Warren in 2003. Super Bowl

Vince Wilfork in 2004. Super Bowl

Dominique Easley in 2014. Super Bowl

Malcom Brown in 2015. Super Bowl? Super Bowl!

Edit: You guys bring up some good points, Seymour did spend more time on the interior defensive line early on and Easley could be going through something similar. It also is somewhat arbitrary as the initial statement is based on each of their positions out of college and that's not even considering the fact that Belichick will completely disregard those and plug in players as he sees fit. I am personally curious to see whether Easley settles on the interior line or at end seeing as we already have Jones, Ninko (and Sheard) on the outside with more of a need on the inside given Wilfork's departure. At the end of the day, still love to see Brown falling all the way to 32!
"Happy world of Haribo"
GM Kostner
What makes you the perfect fit for Jacksonville?

>Well, I played college ball for Will Muschamp so I'm already used to losing a bunch of games
lol "we be blowin up the franchise and moving next year anyway, IDGAF"
[here](http://firstrowusa.eu/football/first-nfl-draft-round-1-in-chicago-row5aa5a3)
My feelings exactly. We'll see how everything plays out. 
No to the Giants at 40! Although I do really like Eric Rowe.
Exactly Winston was the #4 ranked player overall with Williams at #1 but obviously Tampa needs a QB a whole hell of a lot more than DL
But they already knew the picks before they did it. They didn't do it because of that one pick.
Too high for Peat?
Eh, "innocent until proven guilty" and all. I feel bad for him until damning evidence comes out.
Still no trades. I'm sad.
Spooky pick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ru8DMW-grY
Werewolves of London? Really Chris?
I'd rather get the first round guy we want instead.
snooze
You still won it all

By deflating all the balls

Lynch should have ran it

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat
Nah too many people were mocking him to us...BB always zigs where the drafts zag. 
Damn, smart trade by SF. Got an extra 4th to move back 2
He can sit there for a year anyways and would easily have been the best OT
Im actually happy with our pick. Clearly GMs see someting in Williams that we don't. 
Loose Torrey Smith on FA? No problem! 
I think they're worried someone else might trade up
~~EREKT~~ FLOWERS.

edit: nope. sounds like erect.
OH YES! Okay GRIGSON YOU ARE ON BOARD! 
Well there is a surprise 
All these picks make sense. I'm afraid the Lions are going to Screw it up, Millen style.
*deleted*
I will refer you to the top post in this thread, sir.
Good. Building a smarter more responsible team.
WE COMING FO' DAT ASS TOM!!!!!
So who do the Raiders fanbase want?
Nice try, Chip Kelly
And if you had I wouldn't hold it against you. I was just giving you another reason why peoiple may have downvoted it.
He's a left tackle playing right tackle though. 
Just thought I overheard them talking about some kind of incident, that makes sense though
TRADE!

Just the tip.
He can opt out of his contract after this year, and hes wanted out of Cleveland for awhile
another free safety?
[Silence](https://31.media.tumblr.com/2706de989a8bf774b6dd03fb1c594694/tumblr_myworxpP2q1qlsrn9o1_r1_400.gif)
Rick Smith come on trade up for Leonard. Who needs a future when you have Watt, Wilfork, Leonard, and Clowney as your rush scheme 
Good to hear it's getting booed
Pretty good trade for 49ers
dat hairline
There was a war in there.
49ers and chargers trade unknown terms! 
Stephen Jackson 2.0
That's some good sarcasm dude
Probably the fantasy stream on nfl.com
Everything is unprecedented tonight....jeesh
ehhh why?
White/Williams are definitely going in the next two picks
They'll move Randall.
We had the chance to draft our two favorite guys. Though the fanbase seems split, hopefully everyone will get behind Cooper and realize it was a win-win for us.
No they also signed Terrance Knighton & Ricky Jean Francois.

http://www.redskins.com/news-and-events/article-1/2015-Redskins-Free-Agency-Journal/1714b8ba-e294-4a80-b27e-d4e97888dfac

The BPA argument does hold water but it's arguable that the OLman they took is just the offensive BPA option to Williams. Solid, nearly unbustable lineman. They just chose offense over defense. 
You assume I was talking about McFadden.
Thanks Chris for keeping my NFL dreams alive
Catholics...
I get the pick, but I really hoped for Dupree. 

Ah well, hopefully he develops well and is an anchor for the line for years to come.
right away. Teams are known of the previous pick before we are
Alright Falcons, draft a kicker.
Shelton wore a dress tonight? Pretty.
[It really is fake lol](https://twitter.com/RAIDERS/status/593996122936344577)
You act like it was some kind of big secret.
That's....actually a good idea. You can create accounts without, gotta have that quick porn throwaway, but to actually post you need an email confirmation.

I like it.
Actually i'm Nigerian and went to school with Cedric (Allen HS). Everyone who said his name at the draft was saying it weirdly. Its like (Strong)O-g (g like in guy)- Bwey - Think Bay but with a W - He. Ogbuehi. Og-Bway-He. 
there's no way.
its taking longer to announce the Jags pick than they took to make it
And he's fined for lifting Goodell. Welcome to the NFL.
Good luck Trae... Megatron Alshon Cobb Nelson and now Kevin White
YES THAT MEANS WE GET BEASLEY !!! FUCK YEAH!
["Yikes" -Zac Stacy](https://mobile.twitter.com/ZSTACY_/status/593946934819180544)
FUCK THIS UP RAMS PLEASE
I thought for sure they'd take Leonard Williams. JETS GET HIM WTF.
Most of the NFL has caught on to this - it's the o-line that counts, not the RB.

But not the Rams, apparently.
It used to be a long negotiation process but now they have rough pre-defined salaries based on draft position. 
Im kind of relieved at this point. It sounded like the only way it would happen is with a ridiculous overpay. Im glad Chip kept the presence of mind to not do that.
i want us to trade up and get him but its doubtful :-(
After reading some of these comments, I'm looking for mort to start twitching and fall over. 
Oh god. The boos. I love the boos. If I was uber rich I would pay Jets fans to just go to every Draft and lead a booing section.
Hell yeah
Now you just need someone to throw it to them :P
ALI MARPET FOR KEEFE
We can just put Rhodes on him again :)
LET THE BOOS RAIN DOWN ON THAT MAN!
This is the first pick I have no clue on, even for position. Do they trade, do they go WR?
>I wanted him at 20, but since he went to Dallas he's a bust lel
HEY ~~OILE~~ TITANS FANS, IF YOU MAKE THE TRADE, YOU WILL NO LONGER BE FORGETTABLE.
CONGRATS JETS.

BRADY IS SCARED NOW
You asked and you shall receive!
Attaboy, jets!!!
1 round just isn't enough. I miss the old draft format...
Favre also had his named screwed up when he was drafted. 

Mariota = All Pro confirmed
SOMEONE TELL ME HOW TO FEEL
[**@JaysonBraddock**](https://twitter.com/JaysonBraddock/)

> [2015-05-01 03:07 UTC](https://twitter.com/JaysonBraddock/status/593974912353636352)

> Hearing Patriots traded but not with Texans. FWIW

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

That makes no sense in this context.
Good luck with...uh...the weather?


I kinda wanted Malcolm Brown
Knew we'd pick Byron when he fell to us. Very happy with the pick. 
Um...

MoWilk, Sheldon, Williams?

Is Sheldon gonna get traded?
You need to be a Marketing Director.
He's still available. Marcus Mariato is off the table though
Pats 
what is taking the Bucs so long???
Not to mention Goldman and Kendricks. 
BOOOOOOOO
Chip Kelly don't disappoint me. We need drama tonight.
Plan B: Tebow
they do suck. they're like the jabroni at a wedding who shows up and makes it about themself.
They're not used to first round picks, probably forgot draft was today
I knew the giants would go OL!
That CB Duo is fucking *nasty*. With Smith at safety? Great pick for the Vikings.
I knew he wouldn't fall to us, but I really wanted gurley to work in tandem with Stewart :(

His gf is hot tho.
Well, try listening to this: http://www.joebucsfan.com/2015/04/listen-to-jameis-winston

Starts off boring, but about 2 minutes (4 or 5 questions) in, he gets asked about playing with Mike Evans and Vincent Jackson. 

If that doesn't sound to you like a guy who wants to go out and play football, then I don't know what to tell you lol.
It was moreso what he did after Warner retired in 2010. Whisenhunt didn't get along with Leinart, so he cut him before the season and was starting an undrafted rookie QB within about 3 weeks. That's not to say Leinart was good or even serviceable, but the alternatives were even worse.
I'll forgive the Trung Canidate era, but forgetting those 2 is LAUGHABLY bad.
Ha, not really. Very comfortable with our pick, and increasingly baffled by the Colts' determination to neglect their defense.
Not sure what I think about that pick :(
Are you ready for next years highlight reel with Drew Ott? seriously though. He's a 1st next year.
WOOOOOOOOO
Oh I don't think Shaq is a bad player, he's versastile, a physical beast and should make your defense better. I just think Cam is going to die because once again your OL is not looking great.
Dun, dun, dun. I guess we'll see soon.
That too, they should keep him on a short leash.
Peat will either play LT or RT, if LT then Armstead moves to RT and Strief moves inside. Either way, I'm really fucking pissed off. Not a pick I like when Dupree and Parker are available.
Damn...there are way too many OL going so soon. 
And one of the best defensive tackles in the draft is still available.
At first I regretted my decision to watch the draft at home where I only have XBox Live. Why was it so bad? I understood the analysis would be shot, but I thought they would know enough to avoid "He does great football things in the pocket..." I thought I underestimated how bad it would be. Then something happened that I never thought would - listening to a hippy talk about lucid dreaming paid off. When Goodell announced the number two pick "Marcus Mariato," I realized I was merely dreaming. You know, well known names being slightly distorted, it's like counting how many fingers people have. Usually*, if you count four fingers on a hand, you're dreaming. 

Now it all makes sense. When I wake up, everything will be normal. The NFL Network analysts know the rules of football, Goodell knows how to pronounce the name of the second most prominent member of the draft class, and Mariota is awaiting his rookie year on the Philadelphia Eagles. 

It's sad that I've slept through the draft, but for now I'm just gonna go enjoy this lucid dream.

\* Sometimes it's just a person with four fingers.
Ah I didn't hear that. But I know we had our eyes on him
Good on you for being spot on!
is it necessary to drink my own urine? No..but its sterile and i like the taste
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ayy ;lmao

I can't believe Leonard Williams is still available
Really my biggest feels with this pick go to Thomas Davis announcing what may be his 2 year replacement.
Baalke is actually a pretty damn good GM.

What we need is a new owner.
But not as a chip
Insert weed joke
statements we've heard every year for 5 years for $2000, Alex
"How does it feel to be drafted on the anniversary of your brother's death"

I get those draft interviews aren't riveting but what a stupid question. The cameraman was drunk or something too there, kept zooming in and out get your shit together ESPN
Why does anyone trade with Baalke??? Christ
Soon to be ASU alum here. Honestly kind of surprised he went in the first but he is really good in coverage for a safety and is a great tackler. Led the Sun Devils in tackling last year. Glad he went to the Packers. He is a good player and will do well for the Packers! 
Ok ...
Dupree is a very French name...
FUCK YOU DORPHIN
RIP COOPER
Hmm?
So this is what "edging" feels like.
Ugh...making the bucs logo gray makes it look like the Raiders traded up
I'M SO READY GUYS 
http://i.imgur.com/doldvdX.gif
Man the afc east offensive lines should be scared
Gruden just took the name Julio and turned it into WHO LEE OH
Vodka is on stand by. 
Or that Faulk guy. Or even that Jerome Bettis guy we drafted.
ARE YOU FUCKIN KIDDING ME?!?
Great tape on that guy.
Lots of Oline going before expected.
Williams would have been huge but oh well im still happy with the pick
I'm just reluctant as crap after the past few seasons we had.
Nah, just run the ball up their gut all day long.
spoilers
You don't tell me
Williams on the Jets would be scary
What is the highest a kicker has been drafted in the history of the NFL?
Bucs and Titans week 1 will be interesting.
it was awesome. silver did absolute nothing to deserve it, but tradition is tradition. i was laughing so hard when i watched it live
FUCK YOU STEELERS THAT'S TWO IN A ROW!!!!
I think saying he "can't catch" the football is a bit of a reach on his catching ability.
IF WE DON'T TAKE WILLIAMS I'M GONNA CRY A LOT GUYS
Pls jerry
I keep hearing you guys need pass rush. Did Margus Hunt not work out?
WOW HOW THE FUCK DID THIS HAPPEN
After watching elway to Marino like four time this week I'm not ready to unclench yet
No they're not );
On behalf of AFC East teams fans I say "one can hope!".
Here's hoping for an early 2nd and DGB
Did he just shout out Lil Duval?
I live in New York, so its 10:37 here
Mark my words. Winston will be a bust, Mariota will have a good career.
they're not dumb
I mean we have a overpopulation problem, and while I'm not the one to tell others how many kids they should have, 8 may be a bit too many in the grand scheme of things. 
Pot Roast now Beef Stew

The Slow Cooker bros!!
Think about the kids!!! Haha 
Solid solid pick
Three Huskies in the first round!!
Mary-ah-toe
His NFL player comparison was Ryan Kerrigan 
Literally just got drafted. Give it time - Ted is not one to lead us astray.
Favorite part of the draft is teams taking players that their fans insisted they wouldn't.
Jesus Christ I would have taken that instantly.
Reggie McKenzie has been part of many drafts (many times as a scout) that brought great WRs to the Packers. He found Rod Streater as a UDFA and brought in interesting guys like Brice Butler and Andre Holmes. He had a chance to go get a premier WR and so if he thinks Cooper's worth the #4, I'm all in with that.

But I'm a big Leonard Williams fan, too.


Flacco can kill it with some consistently good WRs. I like Jimmy and Steve Smith Sr is huge. When you guys had Anquan Boldin, Flacco capitalized. Supa Bowl!
...how are you at shooting womprats though?
Damn. Him with Miller and ware is scary...
I bet BB is on the phone with Spielman, "Hey buddy, you know you want to give us your 2nd to trade back into the first. Just admit it. Come on buddy."
Why is that?
Donald Brown - "hey guys!"
Seeing that woman cheering on GB drafting a safety with the 30th pick doesn't make me think why she is married. 
Either that or converting someone to OLB
TT said in his presser that he'll play CB and would've in college, but the ASU coaches wanted their best defensive players at safety. 
BPA draft is best draft.
At least I didn't made a dick cutting bet or anything like that. Fuck I was 100% sure we wouldn't go for him. His tape is shit.
honestly i think he has the chance to be better, he has maclin measurables but better vision, can return punts, made more people miss in college than a lot of other prospects. 
Probably whenever the Falcons make the playoffs again, so he's got a good 15 years or so.
HE WHO SHALL NOT BE NAMED!!!
Colts are my 2nd team, I think that'd be a great pick considering they haven't had a worthy safety since Bob Sanders
I swear I've seen these uniforms before...
Yeah you'll be removed mate.
I like to watch football
Last season the Chiefs drafted Dee Ford right after Manziel. I'm surprised they guy one sentence out announcing the Ford pick before going back to Manziel. 
I seriously have no idea how he has a job, but I only come in and out and cherry-pick his work once a year. 
That's our pick...
Everyone in the nfc east copying the Cowboys.
No more than jamis
Anyone else would've preferred Peat here? I mean, I'd have rathered take Dupree but only because I'm still haunted by that Romo drive last year...
And the foreign fans.
If the reported packages offered were true you turned down a kings ransom 
FUCK YOU ESPN YOU WENT TO A COMMERCIAL ON OUR PICK
Battle of the Bays at Levis? I think the big game would be an after thought as the cameras would focus in the crowds as 49ers and Raiders fan wage a trench war in the stands. 
Wowwww what are the Raiders doing
Not DE? Color me shocked!?
"Jameis is our quarterback, and we'll go from there"
Andrus Peat to the Saints! YES!! DUPREE OR DEVANTE AVAILABLE!
Where's my second first rounder? I've grown accustomed to a certain lifestyle 
Seriously, why no defensive players? 
Mr. Kelly is this *you* talking, or the system?
I just lost [a bet](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/2lby0h/with_half_the_season_done_what_position_do_you/cltdimp?context=3), but the guy I made it against seems to have deleted his account. Hooray?
Solid pick for Browns
Suzy Kolber: "This guy just had the best moment of his life... better ask him about his dead brother"
Wooooooooooooooooooooooo!
[Eagles Offered Two First Round Picks, 3rd Round Picks and Fletcher Cox + Several Other Players to move up to 1st or 2nd - NFL Network](https://streamable.com/a5bt)
I've now tagged you as Reek
Go Chargers, I suppose! 15-1, losing to Green Bay?
No cooper no cooper no cooper no cooper

No problem. After a pick the player's rights are owned by that team so they can sign or trade as they please.
This is the right pick for them. Clemson is awful, Atlanta is awful, Vic Beasley is gonna get blindsided.
Yeah I dig that. He's good, no denying that.
The amount of schadenfreude I'm getting from seeing 49ers despair is wonderful. Yes, I'm still salty about that 2013 NFC championship
Just wait, it's the long con. We'll pick him up in six years with a busted knee.
Someone take Gordon so Dallas fans will cry.
Wow. MJD hated that pick. His face was cut from stone, then he forced a grin as he realized he's on camera. 
Gurley with that 1000 yard stare after being told "You're a St Louis Ram"
Jacoby Jones 2.0
Should've picked Cooper. I'd take an offensive playmaker over a defensive playmaker any day, especially when you have a young QB.
Falcons trade up?
jesus I didn't expect it to actually be that high. I mean i know Samoa is small but damn. 
TJ Clemmings or DJ Humphries.

It's Humphries, I'm guessing.
MARCUS MARIOTO 
Perhaps I am not clear here. I mean a 5 hour TOTAL draft. It use to start at noon and go to 5ish. Not fucking 1 round.
What?!?!? Wow
What about tre?
That's what he'll say when he becomes the new face of Team ACL.
Yeah, but this is the team that drafted Lawrence Phillips. We don't care about laws. Kill all of the QBs!
Not if your a Central Florida fan I guess.
Underrated comment. Wow.
everyone that let macolm brown to the patriots should be ashamed of themselves!
http://m.mentalfloss.com/article.php?id=56676
SON OF A BITCH DALLAS FUCK YOU 

^I ^don't ^know ^why ^we ^are ^so ^mad ^I ^just ^want ^to ^fit ^in
Biiiig Nasty
God forbid a qb wants to go where he is most likely to start, kiper
So glad to see Danny Shelton make it. My wife and I know him personally, Cleveland you got a great kid. 
"mar-e-oto"

how can you not know his name goodell?
I'm fucking stoked to see this. It's about time Raiders/Chiefs gets back in primetime and isn't referenced as "the joke TNF game of the year."
No Kevin White. No Marcus Peters.

Will I get no one I want? Stephone Anthony? Eric Kendricks? Shaq Thompson? Benardrick McKinney?
Those fat free gummy bears are the best laxatives money can buy.
Yeah? But is NEON brown boring?

That's what I thought.
Did anyone even have Bennett in their 1st round mock?

Chip genius confirmed?
Come on down staced god
The top two corners are gone. Byron Jones, Marcus Peters and Eric Rowe will likely get picked between now and the end of the night. 
That move's legal?
Damn, one pick single handedly killed Chip Kelly and Whisenhunt. I was wrong, this kid does have great talent.
Your starting QB for the 2015 Philadelphia Eagles: Sam Bradford....for the first 2 games.
GIVE ME WILLIAMS!!!
Yep. They badly need someone who can spell them.
My brain hurts just looking at it
Gotta love how drafts get so far behind. Raiders pick has been in for a while lol
BEASLEY COULD BE OURS
Here comes the entertainment part of the show.. You ready Browns fans?
Mr. Kelly's Wild Ride has ended.
We'll trade you 32 and a 7th
ITS NOT LEONARD FUCK YEAH!!!!!
I think thats what they call veteran qualities
I like Anthony, but for the right scheme. He is fooled by misdirection easily. Let him shore (?) the middle of the field up, but don't give him too much responsibility otherwise. 

We could really use a WR now though. Wallace, ok, Wright, good 3rd/4th, but we don't have another starting quality WR. I doubt Charles Johnson can be that guy, so....

Still a lot of the ones they promoted as potential 1st rounders. 
It is known 
Cam needs someone to protect him much more than someone to throw to.
No

You can't be serious.
remember when Randy Gregory was guaranteed to go top 10?
Since the Titans took that Marioto guy, that means Mariota is still on the board, right?
High school buddies that I drink beer with every now and then
Snacks on running downs.
Skins fans, do you want to take Williams?
Hm. Was not aware
It's only the Bucks
Brock Lobster son. 
We need a camera on that 2nd girl to the right, holy smokin toledos 
I can't believe 2 running backs have gone this early.
I don't know why people are calling it a reach. Almost every analyst had him going at 16 or 20.
Oh Chargers.
Used to do that shit all the time in high school when I got in at D-Line. That's also probably why I started O-Line exclusively. 
I wish they were being smart. Fucking that pick
domo arigato Mr. Mariato
Fuck yeah GOATY GOATGOATroppollo!
We wouldn't have anyway, it was going to be Jordan Matthews
Third ever first round knight! So proud :')
Giving up picks to move up two spots are you kidding me?
Shelton reminds me of Switowski from the longest yard.
So were we after week one of last season...Look how that turned out.
I'm not disappointed, but I'm not excited. Tell me how to feel reddit.
I JUST LEFT CU 29 AFTER 2 FRIENDLY STRANGERS
The Scots wore kilts. 

Just respecting where he came from. 
Versatility 

A redskins fan saying they think another teams QB is going to be the next big injury? That's bold.
Now this is how you piss off all the Cowboys fans.
Jaguars wasted no time
Jenkins is terrible in coverage, making huge mistakes and giving up big plays every game. Tru is average at his best, and very inconsistent. Gaines was very good, but has only played one season and isn't proven yet. And Joyner hasn't played at all. We have no proven CBs.
Welp no offensive linemen left
I don't have a dick but I will rip someone else's off if we don't.
So that's Andre Johnson, TY Hilton, Donte Moncrief, Duron Carter, Philip Dorsett, and then also Coby Fleener and Dwayne Allen. Well then.
[**@PFF**](https://twitter.com/PFF/)

> [2015-05-01 00:54 UTC](https://twitter.com/PFF/status/593941479447470081)

> Bears get Kevin White, who reeled in 7 touchdowns on deep passes (20 yards or more in the air) in 2014. [[Attached pic]](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/CD4aR9oWAAEOqk6.png) [[Imgur rehost]](http://i.imgur.com/4NeACOD.png)

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

pls pls pls
Well Kiper is a retard, so that means nothing. 
Only cost you a 4th this year and a 5th next year
Whenever I see that football commercial, All I can think is how fucked up that chick is going to get.
Agents are so annoying. 
LEONARD TO JOIN THE SONS OF ANARCHY
Wow! Why?
bulls are on if you like basketball
What the hell is the hold up?
Offensive Line picks make me moist.
I think we did okay, would rather have picked Malcom Brown and got a project OT in the second.
What'd we get?!?!?!?!?!
I'd say trade back. 
Not even the right pick number... Dumb ass.
i like this
your train wreck is inevitable.
Tomorrow is 2-3, Saturday 4-7
EAGLES NOT TRADING.... WHERE ARE MY STORYLINES DAMN IT
Are there any worth taking?

It's in our name
He had the 30th ranked mock draft last year.
People seem to love QBs who are just above the worst groups. Hoyer is a great example although at least Met had time to grow. Hoyer had already topped out yet everyone still loved him.
Robert Griffinitis
Nice.
You'll get downvoted, but I'm excited to see how he does
They said that about the Cowboys in 2013. Well worth it.
I look forward o him torching our secondary for years to come
Well, that as creepy
"oh, and the weed, I'm here for the weed too..."
Because even though he was great, he played on terrible teams and was never a winner
**LALALALALALALALALA**
pics pls
..Nothing. This guy's small for a safety. We see him as a CB.
So we pretty much have to call him Heisenberg, right?
Cowboys desperately need a good CB. So happy with that selection.
I've watched this guy talk about drafting Leonard for weeks. He's crushed and I feel the burn for him.
Understatement
Correct! My mistake. 
You're right, now that I think about it. I was looking too much at player value and wasn't thinking enough about Chicago's specific needs. Especially with the amount of strong defensive players still on the board at your position.

I think he'll end up being a strong weapon for you guys, but he doesn't fill the biggest holes you guys have.
Interesting
I figured y'all might do a trade involving Sam Bradford with the Titans so y'all could get Mariota. 
If they pick Cooper, then NOTHING has fucking changed with this franchise. Will be so pissed.
Shane Ray sounds like a phony 
They look like college uniforms
uck everything
Brandon Scherff can lift 480.
Now 53.
Fun fact: The last 4 times the Patriots have selected a DT in the first round, they've won the Super Bowl.
One of the Marks Brothers takes offense to your comment about best WR :)
More touchdowns then Kansas City Wide Receivers, tag me
Chicago needs to be trained, they cheered at one point and didn't boo enough.
Of course, just let Malcom Brown go to the Pats. Fuck.
Mayock has soul power confirmed
He will get drafted by someone in the 7th
Oh god the repeat!
Too many drops? Draft away, Chiefs! :D
All the way to us! 
So are we man. I'm a little devastated still.
FUCK OFF
nope

This could be fun
Good pick for the Raiders. Coop will help Carr a lot. 
Ngata problem. 
From the Jets subreddit, most people thought they would switch to a 4-3. Guess not
That's literally what literally means now. 
He was drafted over jaleen strong and DGB...I think he was a mid second rounder at best. not a crazy reach, but a reach for the colts
You have no idea.
Adding peat and Unger their o line will definitely be improved
*Swami
Jesus fuck, Jags. That was quick.
Must be the liquor, but I was laughing so hard I had tears in my eyes.
Holy hell that was my fear. That would have been the most Dolphins thing ever.
Well he's been out for cigs for 18 years sooooooooo
Can't tell if /s or not 
The Eagles picked at 20.
Ikr 
By that logic, Trent Richardson is a real RB. Just because you were picked highty doesn't mean anything on the field

Remember Bettis? He couldn't do squat in St. Louis because he had a crap 0-line. 

DV came in and built it up and then got Faulk. But had he not built it up, Faulk couldn't have done anything. The O-line is the most important thing on offense. It protects the QB, it opens up the holes, and the Rams have been neglecting it.

You can't just get a great player and expect him to be great with a crap 0-line.
Even Gruden can't take Berman seriously comparing every player to former All Pro players. 
Should have taken Kendricks. AmIrite?
> I'm surprised he slid so far down

When teams reach for guys like Armstead the rich get richer.
bahahaha! love the reaction by the saints fan


I think its because everyone knew where Winston was going, while Mariota's destination was up in the air.
BEST L. TOMLINSON EVER 
I really don't know much about the rest of these picks at this point. Are these good or bad for these teams? I know that the Niners definitely reached. I don't know much about Erving or Peters.
Mayock just said that
Diggy, Orchard or Gregory, we have to take one of them in the second. 
dem mustaches
That is a large man.
also that shane ray is ten times the player michael sam is 
I think we did well. I guess we will see when either either we or NFCE DE's get ERECK'D!
He looks so happy, aww :)
people will probably say Gurley but i kinda like the pick has top rb in league talent if he stays healthy 
Maybe Parker will fall, and our GM will pull a Rick Spielman, jumping back into the first to take him?
Williams is going to make a lot of teams salty for passing on him soon.
I'm so sorry that

my Japanese spelling's bad.

I will work on it.

----

Here is my edit

To look bad, you don't need me.

Simpy be yourself.
Now the big question.
Bud Dupree though.
Not quite yet. 
Oh you Seahawks fans and your sense of confidence.
Can we get some, like, elevator music to ease Mayock's yelling his opinions into the ether? 
If Gruden thinks Shelton is from Utah, does he think Cleveland is in Iowa?
Do a barrel roll
[Shane Ray be like](http://images.wikia.com/demotival/ro/images/8/8f/Super_Fuuu_Face.jpg) 
I hope they boo Goodell every time he goes up there
Did that ad just say "shitload?"
hahaha the DGB attempts
Did anyone else see the shot of the Cowboys war room where Jerry was giving everyone the awkward Bob Dole left-hand upside-down handshake?

Freak.
No way he makes it past Jets, Bears, and Falcons.
I LOVEEEEEEEEEEE THE BROWNS
Ugh
Not a chance he would have dropped to #57.
I really dont know about this pick. Trading back seemed the better idea. Oh well, let the rampart QB battles begin, where every decision Whizenhunt makes is the wrong one.
Domo arigato Marcus Mariato
RAMS DRAFT A RUNNING BACK?!?!?
He's Reggie Wayne. Raiders fans should be thrilled.
Rule 34 bro, rule fucking 34...
He certainly seems to have the physical attributes that a lot of really great FSs have. 
I'm assuming Bud Dupree is not who Goodell shook hands with
Has to be Beasley. 
This guy is really passionate about Girl Scout cookies.
Leonard Williams falls into your lap....and no. lol
We said that? Do they even know who Jeff Fisher is? DL and RB. Neglect everything else.
http://i.imgur.com/LPUd82S.jpg
Doesn't make it any less fucked up.
Should be louder!
Flowers is the first Miami Hurricanes Offensive Tackle to be selected in round 1 since 2004(Vernon Carey, Dolphins). 
~~Chipadelphia moving up to 1? Seems fishy that Tampa is using so much time.~~ Nope, looks like the fun begins now.
Kevin White's face looks really soft
McShay 9/22, Kiper 7/22, Mayock 6/22
IT'S TIME!
damn thats a good pick
Well fuck.
> Well someone needed to fill Bradford's ~~shoes~~ brace.


Sorry Eagles looks like you're playing the year with Bradfords backup after all
did williams murder someone or something?
Where's that dude that guaranteed the past 3 months that Mariota would be drafted first?
Calling it now. Kevin Johnson to Texans.
That's a really good pick
I'm salty about it, good pick. Fuck Dallas.
RT or RG
Shane Ray or Malcom Brown
Holy mother fuck... what are the Rams going to do?
Byron Jones is going here. 
Must be a really nice suit, you totally couldn't tell.
I mean, I suppose the Eagles could still make the trade when it gets close to their pick. Titans playing super hardball
Don't forget Siliga and Branch in the rotation. They're useless on 3rd down, but both beasts against the run.
yeah about a month ago if you mentioned his name in /r/eagles it was free karma.
Ummm. Say whatttt?!? 


lolbrowns amirite?
All that matters is them biceps.
I bet we offered.
Relax. You'll probably get him in a few years.
THANK GOD FOR THE FUCKING COLTS
Not enough...Just 2 first rounds a 3rd and a few unnamed players, they have more to give.
No, Eddie Munster.
make millions here and suck ass cuz the support structure sucks and the coaches suck, or make millions there and then get a second contract because im lighting it up.

its all relative man, of course it's a lot of money to us so it seems crazy. to them that's how their life is now.
I love the cornerback position, but we haven't had one whose jersey I could confidently buy since Newman. I'm hoping Jones is that guy because I really need a jersey with a player we actually have.
AMAZING PICK! 
Went to high school with him and followed his entire college career, Niner fans are going to like this guy. 
 Was it the smile that gave away his unhappiness?
come on select cooper to really fuck shit up 
Snyder strikes again.
Why the hell is the camera shaking?!? Is this middle school AV class?
ayyy lmao 
Would it be a bad idea to trade back and take Trae Waynes?
Vikings select a ham sammich.
awwww...parker gone, SF trade down huh
Fucking love it.
Bigger needs pretty much everywhere. 
More like depth and the replacement for Ware after this year. We also needed some ILB help, no promise that BMarsh and Trev will be ready.
He'll play CB though. 
Marcus...Mariotto
He could go to the S.P.O.T. instead of being harassed by chickens in Ybor.
It's felt like forever, but has only been two months.
GG Wisenhunt
Makes the Chiefs CB pick at 18 even more interesting, lol.
3-2. We will avg one safety per game. 
Is Goodell elite enough to be Commish? Next on ESPN
Just like everyone expected. 
It's actually been 4, 2 of them just this year. And (as it has been for the past decade) the road to the SB goes through Foxborough. If we can't lose in even relatively close fashion, how do you expect us to continue progressing?
Whelp, at least I don't have to watch the rest of the draft now.
NINTENDO 64
He ragdolled that fucker! Lol can't breathe
 NYG.... *shrugs*
last second trade offers

I thought he was going to fall to the fucking Bears. Christ, I was about to just berate my Chicagoan friends about how god damned lucky they would have been.
THANK YOU BEARS NOW GIVE ME SOME BEASLEY!
Wow. Trying to make an NFL team is tough enough, but add on the intense media scrutiny that surrounds Tampa sports...that's going to be fucking TOUGH.

It is very difficult to perform under that level of media scrutiny.
Come on Landon Collins, you know you can fall until the 29th spot. **I KNOW YOU CAN, BUDDY**
Alright, alright, I paid up. 
Beats earbuds? Welcome to the NFL, fined.


>Brain


Its almost like the bulls are pissed that no one is watching them
ANyone else hear commish say the 2015*th* NFL draft
I have line envy.
McCoy for Mett. 
Tom Brady starts crying
No, that was Elon Musk, not Jesus. 
You right, you right.
For you...
Ill take him
Jags with the quick ass pick.
LULZ

OK, since everyone said it about us not picking Williams, I assume this is even more HAHAHAHAHHA
We didn't need a tackle. We needed a guard. Pick was terrible
How ya feeling buddy
My butt hole is clenched
You no likea da buttkiss?
Mariota looked pissed
But Barb, one more tradey-poo won't hurt
Yeah but I'm hoping to prolong it as long as possible
Is now going to be a solid backup. 
Love this dude already
AJ Hawk was consistently our tackle leader and I would not say he's a good tackler.
So we have a serious need at ILB and we pick a safety. I'm glad I'm drinking because I don't know what to think anyway.
Anyone who had us taking a WR are still dumb. Its just apparently our GM is one of them.
Surely the jets draft kevin white 
I wouldn't have liked that pick.


I would have loved that pick.
I'm sure you're not complaining though :p
Just delete the account. I'm hoping the OP wont deliver 
http://i.giflike.com/zGpqsjc
So where the hell does fisher go now the panthers didn't get him? How far does he slide? 
Yeah I think everyone knew a long time ago that the Bucs were taking Jameis, Mariota was the speculation.
*shrugs*
Very polarizing prospect. The guys I trust all kind of hate him.
Wanted CB, doesn't matter got Dupree!
I was sure we were going to go with an O lineman. Meh. I trust them.
Friend of mine is a TEN fan. His thoughts, "Typical."
ayy lmao
Yeah, I was really shocked to see OL drafted within the Top 5.
God damn it, want nothing to do with him, Baalke better not pick him
Who, on a related note, must have prayed his ass off last night that the Mariota deal didn't go through.
YES. Or Saints!
Wait, what happened in the Super Bowl? We threw a pick at the one?
They're saying Booooo-dell!
Maybe Hunphries, Dupree, and Collins will fall to us.......interesting.
Wow 
/r/wtf going to make it easier to post your actions. 
Leave him alone. He's from WV.
[Reaction](http://gif.mocksession.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/TOM-BRADY-FUCK-YOU-BITCHES.gif)
You gotta dream
Well, yet again Cutler is in a great position to succeed. Let's see what he does
In Ozzie We Trust
BROWNS!
It's not harsh. Thomas Davis knows he doesn't have many years left, and was a fan of the Panthers drafting Thompson. Thompson will most likely be a safety initially, and then try and make the transition to OLB once TD retires. 
WHAT ABOUT LEONARD WILLIAMS
need to nail on a lot of those late rounders though right? Not sure that's going to happen again. 
PREGNANT PANTS
EVERY niners fan was saying that. 
He didn't see the trade coming, but if you include Armstead to the 49ers, McShay got 9 of the first 16 picks spot on.

Wow.
umm ,i thought the rams d line was really good
Kiper looks like a rat
Not surprised Del Rio passed on Leonard Williams. Williams doesn't explode off the line, he's going to be a solid 3-4 DE that eats up blocks but he's not going to be a Pro bowler. Cooper is the best pick here.
Meh , the rams have trade raped enough drafts , they deserve to take a guy who could be the next big deal at rb 
Breshard Perriman to the Ravens.
Sherrod should get a pass because he shattered his damn leg. I don't blame him for doing bad after an injury like that. You can't predict something like that will happen when you start someone. And Jones the jury is still out on him, and has look at least decent at times last season. My point is that he still knows more than the armchair GMs in this thread.
The amount of times this has been posted in our sub is a lot. 
Damn McShay balled out. He already went 10/32 but he was also *so* close on some other guys 
It's a caricature of him choking Mel Kipper
Ditches Brandon Marshall, takes Kevin White. Sure, why not.
WHAAAAAAT?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
TT seems to really hate 4th round picks
"Ibena Midoozle" 

chip kelly is going with an all QB set.
It was the sexy pick, but prolly not the most practical one. I'm okay with it, but then again I just watch the sport, it's not my entire well being to know what I'm talking about.
You would think Goodell would learn how to pronounce his name
But we didn't blink at resigning Guion.
PLEASE CAN SOMEONE MAKE A TRADE?!?
U too bb 
Bears pick is in!
Gurley looks unreal.
Everyone realizes that Shaq Thompson is the age were he was named after Shaquille O'Neal right?
Or how about trading up?
Suzy Kolber: "So Brandon, you're the newest Redskin. Tell us how great this day is for your people, who have had their lands taken and their cultures stamped out over the past centuries."
The 1st round is over and we're still sitting here lol 
MIAMI IS GOING TO CRUSH MY DREAM
^lol
Stephen Jones runs the Cowboys now not Jerry. Stephen ' s going to save us from crazy old man Jerruh.
Come on, guy, I'm sure you'll win another game someday.
im not anti cop, but i had an experience where someone I know went in for a formal talk with PD and ended up getting arrested and charged for something he didnt do. Its not the first or last time its happened. Sometimes the prosecutors just want a conviction, not actual justice. 
he is a beast, prob wouldve been a heisman contender if not hurt
You guys are going to love Devante. You can throw a slimy raw chicken breast lathered in soap and he'd catch it. He's acrobatic, can out-jump coverage, fights for the ball, and very deceptively fast. He's arguably the best WR to come out of Louisville (yes, even over Branch and definitely over Douglas). Miami is going to be scary with the weapons this year.
They trade down to pick 22 and select Petty. Please Browns, we need this.
I hope he can too.
The Jets want to challenge St. Louis for most excessive Dline possible 
NO
Someone to protect the 1st 2nd 3rd and 4th string QB
Find out Saturday. 
hahaha

good luck with Manziel
Manziel probably
And there's the comparison to Dallas. Classic Redskins wishing they were Dallas.
2/3 tomorrow. 4-7 Sat.
HOLY SHIT THIS STARTED ALREADY?! Damn it
That's a reach if I've seen one.
sitting with those hawaiian leis on looks pretty boss... not gonna lie
Goodell seriously can't properly pronounce "Mariota." C'mon he's the second most popular player at least look at the sheet before you go up there 
http://i.imgur.com/Ufbr5ej.gif
Well damn
I remember there was rumours that he'd be traded a few days ago. maybe someone knew Williams would fall?
Better than being a Redskin.

Holy shit that sounded racist.
Shaquille Thompson will be a star
cooper
Do we drink for Michael Sam's name being mentioned?
D!
Agreed. Nothing shocking, or really that dumb. Worst move may have been SD trading up.
I just happen to project players differently than most other people. Groupthink ain't my thang.
I'd add the panthers to that. It was a while ago but I guarantee Jerry Richardson hasn't forgotten about Rae Carruth.
Another LB for the Panthers??
Is DJ Clue remixing Rich Eisen on NFL Network or something?
It was clearly a hypothetical, explaining that I'm not worried about flashy picks. And I know the Redskins just filled a hole at RT. Awesome. They're still going to be bad next season and we could've had a better player at a more premium position. It will take time for this team to be competitive which gives them multiple drafts and free agencies to fill needs. Forget filling holes, I want the best talent at the most premium positions right now. When the rebuild is further along, then they can worry about filling holes. How is this not the most obvious, sensible strategy?
He could still be used as trade bait a la Eli.
What first round busts have we taken? Jury is still out on RG3 and the previous 3 before him were good. Go back further and it's still pretty solid. Guess you're just bad?
NFL should just hire a comedian/host like an awards show.
To be fair, it's a pretty unusual name...it's not like it's Dan Smith or Jackmerius Tacktheritrix
Not a chance unfortunately. Just feel bad for the guy. 
It's the Oakland Raiders not the San Francisco 49ers.
I thought he was a defensive captain last year and from what i saw of him he was playing better than he had ever done in the NFL last year though. Hell if GB is getting rid of Burnett he can come back home to ATL and play FS for us. I have 0 confidence in our safety situation
Noooo I dont wanna have to hate Brandon Scherff
Bust
The three day draft is stupid. Move it back to two days.
Vikings can't lose with this pick. Waynes, Parker, Peat, Dupree.
can someone please tell me why nobody is biting on landon collins?
Is there seriously going to be a commercial after every pick?
Yeah to make sure they're regulation size.
Gahh now i have to root against him. 
Yes. Earlier a panelist mentioned the scrutiny of Tampa, and handling it.


Damn. Vikes may have gotten a steal.
I mean I never said we weren't awful. Theres a reason we are in the cellar too.... We are bad for a reason, and its reasons like this that we stay awful
Good haul, probably still get your player two spots later.
Makes sense. I always run a 3 safety set in Madden. Dom Capers obviously is running my scheme.
D'aww, shucks :D
the commissioner usually announces the first round/10 picks 
Wowowowow.

That's great. Why do you like him so much?

A whole marijuana?
Samoan
Are you sure your a Jags fan? Just messing. I agree with all of this ^^
Oh I thought that he was actually involved, my bad.
No spoilers
NOBODY PICK PARKER PLEASE
Rich Eisen even said before the pick "Chip's gunna take the best Oregon player left on the board, and trade part of the Liberty Bell and the 76ers to get Mariota."
Come on, man. I know that. But like, which player is it supposed to be for? Or is it just like in general? WHO ARE WE TOO LATE FOR? I NEED TO UNDERSTAND.
People in attendance now gently tossing Captain Crunch as the Prince passes by. As of course is tradition. 
Well it happened. That'll be a fun game.
I definitely agree with that. I wanted Brown really bad.
You know the Rams, always scary. (Next year)
The 49ers. Boone with a package of picks. 
Cooper is going to be incredible though the Raiders couldn't make a bad choice
Still applies. Ramirez would definitely be the best SEC center. NFL? ... not exactly, but not terrible.
Every movie is CGI hero beat down fest nowadays anyways. The movies of the 80's and 90's are over.
I was told there would be trades and excitement... 
I SUPPORT METTENBURGER
This just in: Bears trade away Cutler, get Joe Webb to fill QB role.
You could go the Cowboys route and make your defense look better by limiting how much they're on the field. 
Yeah, but you have your shiny new tackle!
MOTHER FUCKERRRRR!!!!!
I would be ecstatic too if I got paid millions to live in SD. My brother lives there and its how fucking heaven 
http://i.imgur.com/qX3gJ8B.png
Can confirm. Was one of the booers in the Auditorium.
If Webster did that he doesn't deserve to be a GM and Whisenhunt doesn't deserve to be a coach. You don't turn down wins to get a flashy name to sell the team. 
Currently going to UW/ panthers fan right here. 
Smart pick. 
It's actually been a pretty good draft this year
Matthews was/is a good back but can't stay healthy, as you clearlly know. Gordon is a tank and should be more than productive with y'all. Do you guys have a good O line?
LOL the Jets war room looked confused as fuck
Just did
Holy shit that Jets D-line is going te be fucking insane. Crazy how the one dude in the draft who's a damn near lock to be a pro bowler, fell this far. 
he is maclin just younger and cheaper, great routes too. 
He's spending the time with his family. 
Thug
We have 7 4th round picks, he's not going undrafted. 
Amari Cooper likes [pillows that smell good.](https://twitter.com/AmariCooper9/status/592936101137944577)
HAROLD OR GREGORY PLEASE
And now we'll have two for years to come.
I hope we use all ten minutes as a fuck you to everyone else.
I bet Goodell felt so cool saying "Chi-town"
Joique Bell sleeper fantasy pick
Samoans, man.
3R1K
***PATRIOTS TRADE THE 32ND PICK***
It's like Rex Ryan is still there and doesn't want anything to do with offense 
Yes. The phone call is just a courtesy and a cool media moment. A way to introduce the player to the team. 

You cannot say no if you are drafted. If you are drafted and do not play, you do not get to just go to another team or enter free agency. If the team doesn't cut or trade the player and just sits on his contract, there is not much a player can do. 

So, if you don't answer the phone, too bad. If they want you, they have you. 
He answered it much better than I would've no question.

Fuck Goodell tho
He's 5/11. That's not most of the time.
Palmer's last injury was non-contact anyway so adding an OT isn't gonna help there
Will never get tired of him being booed
WRONG!
Maybe not [mild](http://i.imgur.com/DO4hz13.gifv) enough.

Edit. [This one](http://i.imgur.com/iPVffuo.gifv) is perfect.
God damn the Browns draft a lot of QBs
Hey, man, someone on your sub offered Kendricks and #20 for #11. I demanded Mathis to be thrown in, too. But you guys wouldn't take it. Your loss, man.
The next scene should have been him selling his children, letting go
Yeah, he has definitely matured
Cheerleader on the right was a dime. 
Taking a long time...

Chip Kelly giving up the house!?
Gotta have someone to help rhodes cover teams that have 2 legit recievers six times a year
Somebody trade plz. 
I think he got booed last year too. Not sure why
They're small shoes dropped from a height of two inches.
He'll be traded
Huge reach. Seems like a bad pick. He would have likely been there in the second. Much better ILBs still out there.


I got nothing.
The north will not remember.
Angelo is gonna be on suicide watch tomorrow lol
How tall is this guy 
High dollar hookers and an 8 ball.
I hope he doesn't gain 200 pounds. That would be terrible for his health. 
Sounds a lot like Dion Jordan.
Let's hope they fuck that up lol
After that little interview, I have to say I like his character. He seems hungry and like he already has a chip on his shoulder. 
Mariota to be adopted by Charles Davis???!!?!
It makes me happy that you're upset about this pick, but I admit I have no clue why.

Why?
Because they want to murder Tom Brady
It's because I was born with 4 balls instead of 2. They get quite annoying really. 
Thats always thougj
All these UM and no Reggie :(
He looks super skinny for a OT? Or is it his suit?
Marcus Mariotto greatest Titan to play the game.
I hope so 
The Vikings never pick the guy I want initially so I see them trading down even if Waynes is there. It's been working out more often than not recently though so we'll see. 
This is gonna be a fucking disaster, isn't it?
Scherff or trade down. 
Lenoard Williams to the Bears
As a Rams fan, I would trade a 4th rounder along with Gurley for Jones right now.
Some still are. Mariota and Winston both chose to stay home. Mariota wanted to be in Hawaii because it's a huge deal for his family and his state. Winston wanted to be with his grandmother who is unable to travel. 
God, I would hate to see that for the Steelers. Both Ray and Gregory will be off the field for one reason or another this upcoming year I am sure.
Thank god. A smart corner. Hell of a jumper too.
What I'm getting here is that the only correct way to pronounce "Louisville" is to not pronounce it the same way more than once.
And with the first pick of the 2015 NFL Draft.... The portland trailblazers select.... Jameis Winston 
They're just there to get York coffee
It just doesn't make sense to draft a non-LT in the top 5...
You seriously do not need any help.
I'd be extremely surprised if Atlanta chooses offense here.
Me too. Im getting one of them. And moving into my buds house in SD.
KEVIN JOHNSON
Couldve sworn i was watching Albert Haynesworth until he got up
Mariota's butt looks so clenched
Dude no spoilers.
I hope he learns from Vince Young to not blow his paycheck on Cheesecake Factory
Ok, but who is that guy?
Mariota couldnt get all of his family to fly in from Hawaii. Winston wanted to be with his Grandma who can't travel.
Pretty sure we are going to end up with a Pro Bowler.
Did that hat have a red NFC logo? Weird.
17th pick 4th round and 5th round next year
Rivers then said something about Jesus. A lot of people clapped, you wondered why this country made no sense to you. 
Only pick in our division that made me a little upset.
HEY EVERYONE, I DON'T WANT TO WIN A SUPERBOWL! DON'T MAKE IT HAPPEN PLEASE!

Fucking shit.
Eh, I think Byron Jones
Falcons HAVE to go defense. Cmon.

EDIT: YES
Happiest. Buccaneers fan. Ever.
NOPE! HAHA!
I was holding my breath.
haven't really mentioned it on ESPN
GIVE ME BEASLEY BABY!

EDIT: WHOOOOOOP
The Jerry deep inside my soul says I want Gordon, but the Stephen says no
Theres that delicious NY boonurns. Love the Jets this one time a year. 
Need Williams? pass on him. Don't need him at all? he's ours.

fucking weird draft already.
Because we took Donald right before them at 13! 
You guys take Dupree, we'll take Ray
Cam with the brutal honesty.
WOAH A TRADE? WITH US? WHAT?
It's good that we have a management team unafraid to spend first round picks on depth, rather than bowing to the pressure of taking players who would instantly start for us in positions of need.
Im happy. We have bookend tackles now. Our biggest weakness is now addressed, and Sherif is a team captain and a tough sonofabitch
>dank

nice
He hasn't trained a successful rookie, I believe. 
Who will draft Leonard Williams then?
Fuck you chargers fan

eh I cant even bitch Cooper was a typical Raiders bust pick Im going to get wasted and cry myself to sleep and then hopefully tomorrow kill myself
Wonder how far Landon Collins will fall
Either him or hopefully we trade down, get an extra pick
This is solid, I guess. Wish we had moved up to get Dupree or Gray :/
Honestly I'll quit watching the draft until our pick if that happens haha.
Not him, but Bud is super raw. If he went to the wrong team he could have been the next in a long line of athletic pass rushers who don't do anything in the NFL.
I bet they wish they had Shea McClellin instead!
Fuck Goodell though 
2.5
Dude can play anywhere on the line, and we have the luxury of being able to give him some serious rehab time. It's a very very smart pick. We basically are going to get a free roster spot next year (he'll spend the season on pup then ir) and he will become suddenly very valuable in 2016. 
Nice troll Sportsupdate twitter guy.
He is going to play a speedy NT.
Well shit. 
Oh ok, I'd never watched a draft before and only tuned in as he was about to come on stage.
Gotta replace seabass sometime
This guy graduated from my high school a couple years before I did. I remember how excited everyone was when he got into UW.

Pretty stupid asking about his dead brother though.

Hope he does well with the Browns.
Damn no trades :////
Yeah that seriously confused me. Unless they thought someone would trade with us for the 16th pick? Idk
Guys, Erving can play literally any position on the offensive line.

edit: typo
Did leonard announce he's part of ISIS or something?
what? haha
Me too because I laughed.
Famous Jameis is a stupid fucking nickname.

Unless he opens a series of chicken franchises
Eagles fans starting to settle into the idea of Sam Bradford next season.
#Lol fuckin tool
Starring Gronk as Reese
[Faders fan threatening to stab someone? 
](http://i.imgur.com/vs55Xbf.gif)
That was my biggest thing, why give up one of the better pieces of an average O-line for a pass rusher. In Elway I trust I suppose.
are you excited to watch the winston dumpster fire up clsoe?
Danny Shelton's hair for MVP 
He didn't listen to JJ! He didn't listen! 
Ok am I going crazy or did we just get this commercial
Viks get Parker right? Louisville reunion??
Totally unrelated but the No Spoiler threads suck. Spoil me
now just looks like an actual cow 
Oooo there goes Leonard Williams
Like how they took a shot and said they can put up sam bradford jerseys now
Pls yes
If White Goes...trade back time? Or Trae Waynes?
I bet the Giants take Flowers
Wow... Kiper on Amari Cooper: "He could be Jerry Rice"
Holy crap, the Titans actually selected Mariota. 
Happy the Giants didnt get him.
Feels like I'm listening to a 2k mixtape
Nah, plenty of mock drafts had him going around this point (including Mayock's at #10).
"commercial free for an hour, but here are some commercials first."
I was joking. But I would do it if I was in charge. That's probably why I'm not in charge.
>I have never seen a sub so butt-hurt over one player

Obviously you have never been to /r/Browns
Yeah, backup tackle is more important than a pass rush.
YESS!!!!!!!!!!!
"aaaahhhh shit that was tonight wasn't it?"

You ever see him play? I watched every game. He's good. Get the ball in his hands and profit. 
Meatball marinaro
But seriously, you can't pout about landing the best plug in player in this draft at pick #6. 
Did you want Leonard? Just asking, cause Cooper seems like a great addition for Carr to grow with.
How was this a spoiler? The pick was already in. 
I'm excited about him, but it could just be because I'm a huge Oregon fan and liked him on the Ducks.
He's not even going to be RB3 on that team. 
Helmet guy likes it. 
great pick. 
depends, if winston does stupid things off the field he wont be given a chance. If mariota doesn't develop and is rushed he'll be a bust 

I really hope he trades Williams rather than Wilk.
Annnnd Chicago gets fucked out of a d lineman for 2 years running haha
How's the Austin Safari-Jenkins character doing for you guys? I heard he was getting some love as a pass catching TE near the end of the season, is he expected to be a good target?
WHAT THE FUCK MAN. WHAT THE HELL IS YOUR FRONT OFFICE DOING.
\#19, but I was just saying that trading down one spot wouldn't be a big deal. I'd prefer to have snagged a second or something for dropping to #19.
Wow such a unique joke. Good job.
Don't worry, we're going to give you our third rounder for AP.
Chip's gotta be Lahey drunk at this point
Yall know what is awesome. warmed sunflower seeds
i dont think. tud girley is a boss man
Those jerseys with that helmet: http://replygif.net/i/132.gif


Sir, I am a bounty gate explainer.
OMFG, OMFG, OMFG! PLEASE REGGIE LET US HAVE LEONARD WILLIAMS!!!!!!!!!!!!
[The Future](http://i.imgur.com/bHOlAkv.gif)
Nfl networks coverage is awful this year!
The Eagles select Warcus Wariota. BQ - Doregon Ucks.
My stream could not handle those shoes at all.
>St Lauderdale Florider

Chris Berman
Ah well.
Goddamnit Fuck the Pats
I'm not gonna pretend I know a whole lot about him other than the Combine performance, but the guys who shoot up after the Combine usually scare me. 

I hope he's good though, saw him on SportsCenter and he seemed like a smart guy.
ESPN is on a delay, NFL network is like a second faster
nevermind, NO got him 
I gotta admit it's kinda boring when the drafted player is not there
>If you think you have a franchise QB on your hands you have to give him help.

Wut?

-Browns
His reaction was beautiful.
This is why Baalke stayed and Harbaugh is gone
the mods keep removing shit - idk sb nation is on point though

They hopefully will talk about it on the blog
[That's rac...](http://imgur.com/Bu7PQ.gif)
whoa
What a terrible question. 
One Muhammad Wilkerson please
Hahahaha it's hilarious because the Browns suck right!?!?!?
Seriously-Against Suh 2X a season too. 
SUPER COOPER
Lol leaving during the Jags pick again
Oaklands going Leonard Williams or some user here said he'd rip his dick off.
There playing JET... Very nice 
DJ Humphrey won't let him get anywhere near Cam
yea.....pretty much 
Solid pick, but do the Titans want him?
I stand by my statement of we don't even draft tonight 
Hunting the syndicate? That's.................. *impossible.*
Wise pick
Washington stole the best tackle from the Giants. Haha
 RIP Tom Brady 
Either that or you're young.
5:04 it is

Wow, that hair
Maybe the Eagles should have taken a page out of the Sabres playbook and tanked for the 2nd pick
Finside Slinebacker?
To be honest If he lives to his Julio hype im fine, we have drafted so bad for so long i just want starters, if they become super stars its icing on the cake
I was hoping for brown too. HE would have been the next Casey Hampton. Now I guess he's the next willfork.
They have Terrance West and Isaiah Crowell
>Marcus Mariato

>8 minutes ago

>300 upvotes

lol
Another safety?...
Ozzie's great, but on the other hand, his track record at WR hasn't exactly been stellar. Here it is:

1996 - Jermaine Lewis (5th round) 
1996 - James Roe (6th round) 
1998 - Patrick Johnson (2nd round) 
1999 - Brandon Stokley (4th round) 
2000 - Travis Taylor (2nd round) 
2001 - Ron Johnson (4th round) 
2001 - Javin Hunter (6th round) 
2004 - Devard Darling (3rd round) 
2004 - Clarence Moore (6th round) 
2004 - Derek Abney (6th round) 
2005 - Mark Clayton (1st round) 
2006 - Demetrius Williams (4th round) 
2007 - Yamon Figurs (3rd round) 
2008 - Marcus Smith (4th round) 
2009 - Justin Harper (7th round) 
2010 - David Reed (5th round) 
2011 - Torrey Smith (2nd round) 
2011 - Tandon Doss (4th round) 
2012 - Tommy Streeter (6th round) 
2013 - Aaron Mellette (7th round) 
2014 - Michael Campanaro (7th round)

That's Stokley, Torrey, and a hell of a lot of misses. For years your inability to draft at WR has been one of the only real criticisms of Ozzie, and even Baltimore fans regularly hit him with it. It's why you had to bring in Aquan Boldin. Derrick Mason. Steve Smith.

I'm not trying to shit on Perriman at all. No telling what he'll be, and maybe Ozzie will prove all the doubters wrong. But the initial skepticism is absolutely warranted, armchair GMs or not.
I better not see a producer giving them the picks ahead of the Commish just to hear Berman say 'I think they'll go >correct pick here>'
[alright fellas](http://media.giphy.com/media/YPIrsRqqO7oB2/giphy.gif)
I want to cry
I heard they have a seamstress that does it before they announce the pick. 
they clearly spent their draft budget money elsewhere
I hope so.
should have went with the lsu guard there
TOLD YA
Simmer*
[hmm](https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRmygmHSXPhOfcXkwII1Yr_-p71oITpGiD7ZSP4rCqFrTH7wIKTUioJ2w)
Jordan Cameron is ours, Cameron Jordan is a DE
WHAT

In a press conference after the pick Whiz said he's expected to be the day one starter.
YYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
They realize they have to go 12 picks in 45 minutes right?
I'm good with this. I wanted Marcus Peters but he's obviously not available.
Wrong thread
Great value at 22. Good pick.
Well someone needed to fill Bradford's shoes.
He said of any city he'd like to live in, it'd be LA.
That one guy's dick is safe!
HURR DURR LOLBROWN
Didn't they just say he doesn't fit their scheme or they just don't need him?
the bucs will still have won the lion's division more recently than the lions...
BEASTLEY
yeh it will be
Cutler: There's a draft today? Shit, I hope Emery finds someone good
That guys reaction was perfect
Why? I don't follow CFB at all, but I know that the Jets D-Line was set. Why did they add this guy? Gonna get rid of Wilkerson?
Shes a sorry ass reporter
I don't think he's lived up to his 1st-round pick yet.
Ha ha "Marioto"
Best RB in the draft imo. I'm 100% biased, but watching Gordon run the football the last two years was the most fun I've had watching the Badgers in my life. Russell Wilson was great and all, but Gordon is something else.
So, they're doing the picks outside, but they have something going on in the theater also? 
There wasn't a WR worth taking that high IMO. I don't really know anything about lineman in the draft but I like this pick.
LOL WHO
Probably Day 2 if he gets cleared tomorrow.
Can't even get away from it here :(
TEBOQ
Alvin is more of a black name IMO
Thats what id like us to do
They have all walked into retirement.
So close to the record
Fair enough. I still think he's rich man's version of Taylor Mays
Is it just me or does anyone else think there has to be technology available to zoom and read their big board. 
Peters can't choke Reid, he doesn't have a neck. Smart move. 
He saw a mirror and got distracted.
Jesus Christ another DE Jets?
Erect
Finish the commissioner off
Wasn't Judas part of the 12?
Fast with no hands
You mean Amari Cooper
Waiting just in case somebody calls and offers them something stupid good. 
Whiz already came out and said Mariota will be his day 1 starter.
I guess to celebrate with their families.
Jordan Matthews 

Edit: He deleted his comment, but he said that Chip Kelly got rid of all his good receivers, for those wanting context 
God i hope we do
Wait really? ok
lmfao 3%
Um okay
i agree with you and i hope we find some tackles.
So who should risk La'el Collins. 
Vic is in. it has to be
Ouch. Just ouch. We all expect footage.
He can still be traded.
He's definitely a good player, but we (obviously) had glaring needs elsewhere. Who knows, maybe we will get lucky later in here draft and end up filling those holes anyway.
The Bucs.......HAH GOT EMM
I read this in Mordin Solus' voice.
Georgia has two now. Tree and Gurley.
They talked on NFLN about some shoulder problem that he may have. 
Boo
Mariota is worth the whole team imho.
A surprise!
or Marshall
Well he just did
Wait, who's that?
No, I meant by deferring the pick. I love how we drafted this round.
YES

Keep trying I'm sure it will work one of these times. 
Da fuk?

Not a single safety has been taken yet. We had our choice of any of them. 
Tell that to the Rams :(
[**@BOSSLIFEDAT13**](https://twitter.com/BOSSLIFEDAT13/)

> [2015-04-29 23:27 UTC](https://twitter.com/BOSSLIFEDAT13/status/593557293712678912)

> WE AIN'T THE SAME \#RUNDAT CANT WAIT TO THE SEASON START AGAIN NEW GOALS NEW POSITION https://instagram.com/p/2E8eKCoVD4/

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

It won't die until Chip does
Not all. It was actually pretty nice hearing Marioto's name called and putting an end to all the talk right up front. Obviously there will be grumblings about it for a while but I think in a week or two, it'll be pretty much over.

And we're pretty satisfied with Agholor.
Somewhere, that Alabama fan that punched Mettenberger is saying, "Fuckin' got em."
Damn good luck getting through that line 
Ha. Stupid. 
Where do you think the garlic butter comes from?
I mean I get BPA but shouldn't have da Bears gone defense? 
Don't you put that evil on him. 
Got caught smoking weed? Come to Colorado!
RAIDERS
Jesus fucking Christ Raiders
He is close to getting a reality TV show with those kinds of numbers
How long until Kiper hits Gruden with a left hook on camera?
That reminded me of that reporter asking Bode Miller about his dead brother...fucking awful.
[Even at the bottom of the first round, they're making 7+ million.](http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap2000000350347/article/2014-nfl-draft-firstround-signing-tracker)
Wilkerson trade incoming?
"I'm a great guy, I'm humble" - Kevin White
No, we're going BPA
Oh look, the Pats made a pick that makes complete sense. I'm so jealous of you guys.. 
I like how except for the first two picks, the draft so far has [flown in the face of every mock ever posted.](http://replygif.net/i/1139.gif)
You can boo better you plebs.
I AM SO HYPE!!!
Of course the one time people care about the Titans, they manage to find a way to suck the fun out of it
HIGH RISK HIGH REWARD.
This guy seems really intelligent.
Man, I don't know WTF they were doing with that whole Harbaugh thing. And the Rams and Cards...I dunno, they're alright, but you guys really felt like an equal, not just a rival. Get better soon!
Huh..
Please God panthers 
Pronounce it right jesus christ Goodell
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Rough.
THE BIG O
Likewise to the Ravens.
https://twitter.com/ZSTACY_/status/593946934819180544
ravens will prolly get perriman to replace torrey smith
Damn you see the guns on his mom!?She is ripped!
[EVERYONE PREPARE YOUR JAMEIS!](http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Kid-Dances-With-Cheerleader.gif)
But will they be scary?
Amari would make sense for Raiders but no way I would pass on Leonard 
It definitely is.
I dunno but that sounds like an awesome pasta.
pay this man 
Bucs Vs Titans Week 1 :)
Maybe hes looking for a knee/ACL donner for Sam Bradford?
yeah he is. I met him at Orange Bowl. Dude is so chill. 
Called it. 
As a patriots fan, you should know that a 6th round qb can gain value 
Premature ejaculation 
Wilkerson and Williams. That's sexy, but I'm not sure what we need.
That sure is a vest
4-4 bitches!
Yayyy..?
Dafuq
WHY IS DUPREE FALLING SO FAR! 
Sweater vest. Squeezer
Yes, erving still on the board!!!
WHAT IS GOING ON RIGHT NOW.
Is Dallas grabbing Malcolm Brown??? Please make it so!
Guess the Rams were that team.
Belicheck doing birdman rubbing hands together 
That's why they should do LA next year.
If that's the deal that was offered, then the Titans are dumb.
:D

Edit - your downvotes makes me giggle even harder, Titan
you should buy the black jersey to wear in Levi stadium.
Don't worry we'll actually fuck up our pick and you can rub it in 
What about surprise Rams?
Nah there's another thread for those watching nfl network 
WHERE IS ALEX FLANNIGAN? HOW MANY SPOTS DID SHE MOVE MR. EISEN?
Classic. Raiders. 
I love, love, love Strong. I want him to be drafted by us so badly. 
Now it's gonna be opposing defenders singing the blues. heh.
You don't know about Brain, always hanging around with his buddy Pinky?
Except OBJ displayed talent in college. Flowers is a slow footed, meandering OT that's all arms in pass protection. He wrestles DEs to the ground which is going to get constantly flagged at the NFL level. He's just really, really big, and raw, and the Giants think they can probably mold him into an elite LT. It's a bad decision at Eli's state of his career.
Or the other way around!
Flowers just went at 9
Hurry the fuck up, Goodell.
Brown would have been better
Why would you mention this dude's dead brother? 
But Mett? Wtf are the Titans doing. 
Well this is a bust so far
Cooper won't be the guy who'll catch over defenders super well for you. It's the weakest aspect of his game.

He'll more be the Antonio Brown guy who will run a beautiful route, get wide open, then cause everybody to miss tackles as he runs his way to a 80yd TD.
Can't wait let's get this shit going
I say we take him in the 5... Cool be amazing, could be in jail. 
If that makes your line stacked, what is ours?
Of course it does. 
Alright Jets. Switch to a 4-3 and draft Williams, lol.

Actually, just draft any offensive player. I don't care who. The Jets' problem ain't the defense.
i honestly think mariota will be a bum.
Oooo our pick is in 
As a uconn fan and a dallas fan, I don't even care how terrible this may end up. Totally worth it.
There was a ton of buzz that he was valued by teams higher than most mocks were predicting.
Yeeees ill take it 
I would pass on both Mariota and Winston. If you can't even be bothered to show up for the draft why would anyone think they're going to show up on game day?
welp...

If we can't score they can't either!
Everyone seems to love our pick, but I cant get over the fact that I just hate it. Beasley was my favorite prospect, and we took a guy that we literally have no need of and that will force us to trade Wilkerson. To all the Jets fans that think we can switch to a 4-3, we really cant, and wont. It was a terrible pick, at least for now. I would bet we wont get more than a 2nd for Wilkerson now too...
Welcome to ~~Jacksonville~~ London Mr. Fowler
Boooooooooooooooooo
This is going to be the make or break pick for Grigson. Either he has some master plan no one else can see, or this proves that he has no idea what he is doing.
WHAT THE FUCK? IS LEONARD GOING TO FALL TO US?
I just about died a bit thinking about this as a possibility 
Hard to believe they're picking in the first round - Gruden lol
So on the scale of busts where will Winston fall? 
Leaf/Russel - Manziel - Ponder
We also got Rhodes at cb
[REGGIE PLEASE](http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/give_it_to_me_stephen_colbert.gif) 
He can't hear Mariota over his $75 million dollar net worth.
Byron Jones Hype Train!!!!!
I want him and Gregory bad. I hope we can draft both.
As someone that wanted Williams I'd say it's crazy the reactions in this thread. Cooper is a fine pick here. It's one Mayock even said he'd rather see us take with this pick over Williams. It's one many said. I wanted Williams. But Cooper fills a huge void.
dammit we didn't trade down....
STOP TAKING DEFENSIVE BACKS DAMMIT
or stop the run
An extra 4th and an extra 5th next year. We only moved back 2 spots. Genius. 
I wanted Brandon Scherff but we still got a monster lineman in Flowers. I'm happy, now hopefully we can get Landon Collins.
Why they didn't take that is astounding to me.
Marcus Marioto is in town for now 
My girlfriend is a nursing student. She said there's no such thing as slow onset strokes... I'm not so sure.
...why?
Jets! Take Williams. Pls. Bears cannot have Williams. CHI has done enough damage today
A 4th and a 5th rounder with the #17 pick is worth it if you think he will become a great RB
Damn straight, I can't wait to see what Shaq can do with a stellar defense around him. 
Wut 
Http://imgur.com/qHWj3bg
I was expecting so much from this draft but all I have gotten so far is a severe case of depression.
Goddell went to the John Cena school of cheap pops
I said this to my friend after the pick because I was upset, but what if we start the trend? This could be the next big thing. Assuming we don't trade Mo.
Browns select Danny Shelton!!!!!!!!
aww.. i wanted Peters.
John, we will be running left, but it's not because of Scherff. It's because of Trent.
Except he wasn't. He was the 32nd pick.

Edit : bring on the downvotes! He wasn't a top 20 pick and a bunch of armchair analysts think they know better than all the NFL gms 
Now the real drama can begin...
Gig em!!
University of American Samoa, GO LAND CRABS!
A starting pitcher and goaltender.
He was being sarcastic 
OHHH SHIT
Was the guy on NFLN just making noise puns?
Must suck to win the super bowl eh. 
"We aren't taking Armstead" - every 49ers fan 
Fuck you Dallas. Seriously fuck you.
ahem joe montana ahem
MAYOCK MASTER RACE.
BRYCE PETTY TO PHILLY.
Who the fuck is Ereck Flowers?
watch us draft peat.
Yeah that's about right. 
If it is Mariota oh my goodness
Dunno why the downvotes but this class was deep, could have traded up for a WR falling late 1st
Damn Chicago amateurs...
".....For the people you represent?" WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU PEOPLE?!!?!?
I need to watch this movie again, what is your favorite part?
Gruden burying Kiper a bit there was great.
Lol the booooooos
Brady goes 6 for 6
Fifth round for this year and next, and G Manny Ramirez.
AC/DC MOTHER FUCKERS
Does that model of beats even have a microphone?

Hail corporate
I'll tell your story if you don't make it back
Landon sliding to the 2nd?
Get shit on Detroit
you guys get 17th pick, 4th rd , 5th rd for 2016
Hurt
How do you know that? You have no idea what their family situation is. 
well, he's good. as long as he's healthy... hell of a risk though, especially for a team that has had MAJOR issues with injured stars
Now, who takes White?
KC going Dupree or Peters?
I'm thinking place kicker.
**I WAS SO CLOSE TO FLIPPING A TABLE**
I dunno, isn't Lamar Miller's still up in orbit somewhere? that things gotta come down eventually right?
**Prediction: who ever the Rams pick will make them scary this year**
Cole is white...
This man could be Shane Rays lawyer
Why was Brown such a steal? I never heard anything about him.
PERRIMAN HYPE!!!!!
Pick is in
Oh god, please yes!
hold the mic up higher you bich
You began your claim by saying your claim wasn't really a claim.
The "hair" apparent to Troy Polamalu
Great move by the broncos and I'm sure we all know how Shane Ray is gonna celebrate 
Sorry, forgot.
I'm just here for niner fan reactions :)
Its funny because almost everyone mocked him to you guys but all the 9ers fans here were like "you can't predict baalke!"
He never said anything about it *before.*

The degree to which people take un-sourced rumors is rather pathetic. Maybe I'm getting old but they taught us how to fact-check in grade school. 
Thanks for that!
sleeping is for pussys. stay up 
The WICKEDLY talented....
Motherfuckers act like they forgot about Tre.
[ESPN Done messed up.](http://imgur.com/blpnL4D) I think they just fixed it. Do the Steelers need a CB so badly, that ESPN thought they knew their pick outright?
Robert Mays has to be happy, so many first round guards =P
No more projects. FUCK
No trades yet. Feels odd.
Browns 
Warford has been a great young player for us at RG with some slight injury troubles. If Laken starts his first year I see him at LG and ManRam competing for the starting center spot. We can now keep last years starting LG Rob Sims for depth.
I'm disappointed in the booing, guys.
I think this means the Bears get him. I don't see the Jets drafting him
:',(
Really fucking well
http://i.imgur.com/BOZUJyU.jpg
Yes. Very.
We're better off this year than last. Trust me. We'll have at least two LT's who can refresh each other as opposed to *only having Byron Bell*.

And Cam is going to be healthy again. Not hobbling around waiting for sacks. 
After. That's why supposedly Percy Harvin tsckled Golden Tate and than Russel Wilson not being black enough came out. 
I'm guessing they have a machine that prints them out and they just slap them on.
Huh flowers. 
Tennessee pick, Powerbeats 2
Oh man, Zac Stacy: https://twitter.com/ZSTACY_/status/593946934819180544
Do you shop at Hot Topic a lot?
Can we call mariota, Marioto for the rest of his career?
Ramirez would go back to Denver and you'd get it replaced with future considerations
BOOOO
ok thanks man
Omg Williams please fall to us
Trade?????
Hey we didn't need a LB when we picked up Luke

Gettleman! 
No he's in Alabama
They actually come out much earlier than when the commish announces it. Like on twitter and in War Rooms.
Awesome pick, Saints. He was 6th overall on my board. Great player.
I don't like this pick. I *love* this pick.
Must be the money
Why is malcolm brown dropping so much??
Erving can play all down the line and Mack can opt out after this year. 
Melvin Gordon is awesome.
This is the most interesting pick of the draft right here 
You apparently missed the shit pile that was the 29th pick. 
Rumor is that a lot of players smoke but get around it.
If only there was a [dedicated thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34h2md/round_1_pick_20_nelson_agholor_wr_philadelphia/)
49ers trade their pick to the Chargers
But why?
That's some relief to a lot of Falcons fans.
That wasn't part of the deal!
He did, which is why he dropped that far.
Let those Corners keep falling baby
I dunno. I feel like that other team up there seems to be doing ok for itself.
Plz no Mariota
I was not expecting that. 
 but faster and stronger.
You got your wish.
Won't argue with that, I was really hoping for Collins 
HOLY SHIT, THEY'RE ALMOST UP FIFTY.
The other 25% are professional wrestlers
Great pick 
She obviously brought sandwiches
he was a top 20 pick
Damn, no trade

Yeah man everybody Forgot About Tre
holy shit
HERE COMES WILLIAMS!
Please Bucs. Take DGB
WILLIAMS OR TRADE DOWN!
LA won't be able to water a grass stadium.
Plz trade back Redskins. 

Edit: Fuck.
And reaching for a rookie tackle wouldn't help that situation, most likely. 
You're having a field day in these threads 
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
I really feel like Atlanta's about to trade up 
Did the Patriots fucking trade out? 
[Bears fucking themselves over party! You would think they've watched the Packers enough to know that it doesn't matter how dominant your offense is if your defense can't kill clock management in the 4th quarter.](http://i.imgur.com/Kxo8ozJ.gif)
Te'o girlfriend
Even if he's a bust he'll find a way to put up 115 every time against Denver. Freaking San Diego RB's ...
Lovie was a defense guy and your defense didn't get any better. It takes players and coaches. Their defense is atrocious 
Well that is the best way to evaluate power. Your literally pushing a heavy weight off of your chest. Exactly what you do if you are bullrushing a OT. Either way, the pick does have some risk but it is still the best pick we could have made. We got a edge rusher
money

and there's rumors going around that Marshall was just becoming a kind of locker room cancer.
T0DD GURLEY
It's been awhile since we were the Golden Knights
I don't know about that, Ryan Tannehill is proving to be a solid franchise QB.
Shpeed kills
On fire because of the pollution.
Much better than it used to be.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

BOOOOO BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Do tell.
Marcus.... Maury- o - toes
Strief could move to 6th lineman. A formation we use a curious number of times. 
Whoever that may be
Plz no
Damn great pick Dolphins. Parker is going to be a beast. He definitely will help out yalls medium threat game
DISAGREE WITH FRONT OFFICE CHOICE = NOT A FAN

HE FELL RIGHT IN TO OUR FUCKING LAPS


Nfc south bros stalling for me to get home with a beer
Wow, did not see that coming from the Redskins
NFL Mod with the most bone headed decision of the draft so far
You won a fucking Super Bowl in 2002. You won your division as recently as 2007. How have you come to embrace failure so soon?
From Publix no doubt. 
With all these O-liners going this quick do you think anyone know takes La'el. 
Fowler was the right pick, maybe Williams but the people saying Cooper were dumb. 
have you seen their pass blocking? Makes less sense to draft a guard. My guess is they couldn't get a good offer to trade down. Still, they have some huge holes on their defense particularly in the secondary.
Both RBs have been taken. I wonder if the Cowboys are gonna be giving MN a call...
The Rams baffle me
Not our DC anymore it's Keith Butler now.
SOMEONE TRADE SOMETHING SO I CAN GO TO BED
pls nerf patriots Goodell
I'll up vote a cowboys fan for that.
Horn >>>>>>>>> go pack go
Anybody think Houston trades back? Didn't they need OL, but that's gone now? Or am I thinking of the wrong team?
Do Fins trade with our ungulate bro Rams?
I know they sent me an email saying where inviting season ticket holders an I didn't really read it. I'm trying to figure it out haha.
Mayock: BLAZED IT!
Do it while playing Edward 40 Hands. 
Who cares, Alex Flanagan is in San Diego for us guys!!
Doubt it
Titans you need to trade, god damnit, give eagles #2 and we take tons of picks and players. PLS
Gordon to San Diego?
They are all haikus

They're Japanese Poetry

Count the syllables. 
AP staying put.
You know a defense is filthy when a Seattle fan says it's filthy
texans select kevin johnson
Y'all got any more of them draft picks? 2nd round tonight please?
Why does TEN pick first next round?
INTERNET EXPLOSION
I'll take one Mariota to Eagles #1 overall please, Mr. Kelly
Dallas or Arizona most likely.
Me, either. I'm thinking Tyler Lockett, Devin Smith and...well...maybe even Jaelen Strong are around in the second. 
In my biased opinion they look great
Tampa Bay you thirsty. 
lol that Seattle fan.

Edit: Meant St. Louis. Apparently two other people mix them up as easily as I do.
Hundley I bet
Milwaukee area? I don't know what part of the state doesn't follow Badger basketbal. 
It was already "yikes" for Stacey.
Manny Ramirez, two 5ths (this and next I think) and swap these firsts
EAGLES FANS
\>Detroit used GUARD!

\>Sharrif Floyd used FEINT!

\>It's super effective!
He's gonna party *SO HARD* on orange juice tonight. So hard. 
slash running back
never change >3
i considered cutting my dick off recently because i felt i was too driven by hormonal urges.'

but then i realized i needed it to masturbate. oh and pee i guess.
BLONDE HAIR BLUE EYES, ONE OF THE MASTER RACE. 

wait a minute.....
YES. RIP Tom Brady. :)
That one fan like "all right not bad"

*Keep it together your on camera*
Reddit death hug
SD sends their 1st, 4th rounders this year and 2016 5th rounder to the 49ers.
It's already the top comment 
This confirmed yet? ESPN still has the Pats with the #32 pick
ooooooooooooooh
Niners got a steal.
Well it's wrong, I live here.
He's doing okay, just always confused as to who is picking haha
Um......alright then
My god.
Ahhhhh. We can get Williams!!!!! Take him take him take him!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,2 were obvious. Jags have that guy who's name I can't think of, and O Line can't hurt anyone
You had months to prepare for this. His name has been plastered all over headlines and you call him MariotO?!?Dafuq Goodell
I bet the Browns wanted him
As a dolphins fan, can you actually remember the last time?
I WAS TOLD THERE WOULD BE TRADES DAMN IT
I thought so thanks!!!!!!!
"Should I clap? I should clap."
Well not "meant to go" but a lot of people had him at Lions, as the offseason went on he started to get projected to Chargers, then Dolphins, saw a few Texans, then Jets as we got closer to the draft.

But yeah, I never saw mention of STL
Do we still have Clyde Gates?
pick == not pick
Not at all, really.
The wife is at a concert. I am grilling a porterhouse. I have a bunch of beer. LET'S FUCKING DO THIS!
Instead we're going to get Centuries by Fall Out Boy.

Wait never mind that's ESPN. NFLN MASTER RACE.
When is he getting traded? 
No the saints are still on the clock. At least Eisen just said they were.
And older looking
Roll Tide. He's gonna look good in black.
BONER ALERT

The Titans could use Wilkerson to replace Ropati Pitoitua, though it's not 100% necessary. I wonder what the Jets would be asking.
Well yeah, this draft is relatively boring so far. No surprises thus far really.
bring on the AP trade
"He would have gone in the top 10 if it wasn't for the knee injury" 

How do you know that? With a healthy knee he might have still gone right where he did
Andrus Peat going here at 13.
Like when future HoF Patriots great Darrell Revis signed with you guys this offseason... I know the feeling!
http://gfycat.com/AntiqueTiredCommabutterfly
Football skills are nowhere on his LinkedIn Profile https://www.linkedin.com/pub/byron-jones/81/bb6/808 
Haha. Believe me, defense is just as important. 
good for amiri
I think "humble" just means "not a dick" these days.
I'd have rioted. I'm getting a Bud to drink out of sheer joy.
Yes I like it. I want to see what everyone thinks of each picks and which ones are reaches and stuff. If it was one thread even if you sorted comments by 'new' you'd still have people talking about a player 20 picks ago and it won't be as interesting 
Why would you ask a guy about his dead brother on the best day of his life?
Have there ever been less trades in a first round?
10 picks away from Dallas and they still somehow manage to bring Jerry Jones into the conversation....
Didn't spend much time in Ybor when I was down there in early March, but I got some awesome cigars, though. It did seem kinda sketchy.
Denver on the move.
They're going to play the lesser used 5-3 defense.
You putting Kevin White over Alshon as the number 1?
goodbye /u/edwardfortehands dick.
The Rams have an offense now
It's dumb because It is not conducive to his development. He has never taken under
 center in a game situation. His practices even looked awkward.
Dude, get a damn vasectomy already!!
It's like we can stop making fun of Jerry now.
Did you pick this up from my comment? 
ya, but we dealt with chicago with brandon marshal just fine. as long as they leave the defense a wreck I'm not too worried.
team acl
Wow he really loves Roger G.
Is Chicago gonna get gifted Leonard Williams?
Was it Jermaine from Flight of the Conchords? 
I say the chiefs take Perriman 
I guarantee Cooper will have a much better career than Williams. 
Jesus, you could fit Michael Strahan in that gap.
Could he have picked gayer shoes? Black people make anything look cool. It's not fair.
NOOOO, THIS IS TERRIBLE
Teams with the same record switch every round, at least when tied for the worst record. Bucs have first pick in the 3rd.
Walter Football was right about mock drafter's being higher on Leonard Williams then teams were. 
White and Jeffrey. Damn
Quarterback is the only position that matters. If the Titans don't have a quarterback, it doesn't matter how good the rest of the team is, just ask Houston. 
Rip that dick off, son
Honestly I've been so confused with what chip has been doing, multiple rbs, multiple qbs, does he know he needs a defense too?? 
Cue Eagles fan freakout in 3...2...1...
Yea I was thinking the same.
He went way back in the draft like his line. Those damn dreads man. 
Really though? Carr had no weapons last year and the Raiders were the worst offense in the league. If they'd taken Fowler they'd have improved their D sure - but at what cost to Carr's development?

I think really, there was no way they "lose" on this pick whether they'd taken Cooper or Williams. Williams gives them youth to pair with Mack, Cooper gives them youth to pair with Carr.
He has better measurables than Clowney. Seems to take a lot of plays off. Similar to Clowney in a lot of ways.
What the fuck are you doing here? Get up next to Rich son
*redundancy and poor draft value*
http://walterfootball.com/draft2015ILB.php

Top 3 ILBs are projected late 1st-early 2nd. Kendricks would have filled the hole that we have in that position really well.
So why is a team going to trade valuable picks for a guy who is owed a shitton of money, even if they can cut him whenever they want to?
I don't expect Mason to lose his starting spot, although he will be sharing a good number of carries.
PICK WILLIAMS DAMNIT!!!!!!! 
TAKE SAMMIE COATES >3
Please let trae Waynes fall to us! Please God! 
I still think Peat would be a great pick for us if he's still available
Seriously what you just said was the exact description of Thomas Davis when he was drafted lol. 
They want to be with family who cant travel
This is nonsense. They could have had Irvin in a salary dump.
COME HOME BEASLEY 
That's an absolute steal for Detroit.
I haven't played madden since like 2003.
I feel like we've been weak in secondary for as long as I can remember so this is certainly a weird feeling.
Fuck that. He was ours 
I'm guessing Kendricks or Gregory
Cmon Dolphins...who needs Parker?
The teams with identical records now go in reverse. 
No, no. You're not biased at all. They're ugly as fuck.

I say this as a completely unbiased viewer myself.
thank god they didn't accept. holy shit.
He left?
>No.

Yes.
Can he be traded right now? Or does he have to sign with Tennessee before he can be traded?
good fit IMO. with a healthy clowney you guys would easily have the best pass rush in the league. 

Best way to beat an elite QB like Luck.
Ohhhhhhhhh. I get it.
7 straight 1sts on the Dline for the jets. Jeez
Why would a deodorant commercial feel the need to give me so much anxiety
The Cowboys could wind up being the only NFC East team not selecting an Offensive lineman in the first round.
good pick :o
No williams
The bears have to be shitting themselves.
I didn't know Gervinho left Roma, to join the NFL. http://www.africatopsports.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/gervinho-n-est-pas-insensible-aux-sirenes-de-l-angleterre-et.jpg 
You guys really need to stop believing everything you read and posting about it before its announced. 
\#justraidersthings
In Stephen we trust
The Face of ...

"OH Shit.... I have to play Watt twice a year"
Either one of you take him. i dont want him close to the north lol.
I can't believe we fucking passed up Malcom Brown and Landon Collins
Both
Williams to redskins
why do they boo
Really? That's odd.
But that Tre Mason jersey had the Vikings font. I wonder if it's printed on.
"ask the average guy to name me 5 players on the Titans and they couldn't do it"

Gruden laughs.

Both of them would probably fit right in here in that department.
He got ran over by Stephon Taylor and couldn't make a tackle against Ohio State.. I doubt he could stop Lynch
I needed that laugh thanks
Peach Snapple is a godsend on a hot summer day
9674
I feel like Henry VIII and all these bitches are only giving me defensive lineman. 
How far is Leonard Williams going to fall? Surprising to say the least. I thought the 'skins would have snatched him up.
I mean, if its a disaster, we are the bucs and no one will be surprised. Anything that doesnt end in disaster (aka maintaining status quo) is great!
Fowler is gonna bust imo. 
"mariota's eyebrows are the same eyebrows as bert from sesame street" this is what i wrote for the titans scouting report i work for them.
So far my mock draft is 100%, Sign me up ESPN!
If we don't get a talented center, guard, and right tackle, we will be picking in the same range next year. I like gurley and mason and I trust they can make it work but damn there's currently nobody to do the blocking.
Yeah, one of the biggest reasons..Idk what that guy is thinking.
FUCKING COWBOYS HAVE BECOME THE TREND SETTER FOR NFC EAST.
Ooh they finally improved their uni's?
give me williams

Better than Kendricks?
FUCK a commercial every second pick fuck you 
Our sub is acting so stupid right now lol
Idk imo I'd rather have an achor for my defense than a pick 4 wr
You could hear the emotion in Gurley's voice. Happy for him.
You know I still wouldn't be surprised if the Bears made a move with the Titans
Oh god not a Rams surprise. That's the worst kind of surprise.
What were the most recent offers for that #2 pick?
Jets probably wanted too much. 
Jets, Bills, or Da Bears. Could all work if they payed the right price.
Jets have the best defense? Wat?
Zac Stacy is all yours. 
[YES](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-s5KLvZmbFfg/T8UdebIMcEI/AAAAAAAABQ4/XaSWcVsnfmM/s1600/ryan-pointing-the-office.gif)

I know, I know...It's a gif for ants
You would be fucking wrong. Chocolate, Caramel, Butter Cookie and COCONUT? That's a delicious treat of the gods. Get the fuck out of here with your toothpaste flavored black death dust cookies. 
Leonard Williams is the only one that makes sense here

Melvin will be in a better situation. 
Leonards teeth playin the nickel D
HUGE STEAL. Congrats Jets!
goddell found a hack: mention walter payton any chance he gets to avoid boos.
I'm on it. I already got Jae Crowder.
Gurley, Peat, Shelton, Flowers, every player I wanted for the Chargers is gone. Let's trade out of the first round. 
https://twitter.com/slime_drexler/status/508389902384631808


**THIS GUY FUCKING CALLED IT**
COMBO BREAKER
A
Ohhhh shit they trading like CRAZY this is fun. I'll trade up for Leo!!!
Less annoying. 
Im kinda glad Cooper and White were off the board before we selected. I know JR would have gonna this route. 
PICK IN
Cornerz 
We played a 4-2 like 65% of the time last year...
And noones suprised
Jake from State farm is that you?
Yup.
Ha! We literally just drafted Jezzer. Is it 2009 again?
This Raider fan isn't upset at all. We've needed food receivers for the fucking longest.
Comeon Caps, beat the Rangers for my Islanders
Still pissed we didn't get parker. 
If Jacksonville picks amari Cooper and Oakland picks Leonard Williams I'm done watching. I'll just look up the results later. 
I WANT TRADES #TEAMCHAOS
Cowboys on the clock!!!! 
Anyone else wanna trade up? Anyone?
Zigga!
Mel sometimes looks like he's forgotten how to breath, but knows he needs to keep talking.
*re-sign
No first round pick.
I think he's going to be a shutdown CB
So the other teams are trying to stop andrew luck by using pass rush? we'll just draft fast wrs and throw quick slants. that outta teach 'em. I actually like the pick.
Swooned all over my pants
I'd almost consider switching flairs ^notreallybutyougetmypoint
Someone has to upload it on streamable
He still broke LT's record. It wasn't LT's anymore when the other guy broke it. That was the point.
"We wanted to know how you'd like to be the first overall pick?"

"Is the number 3 available?"

"Uh, sure"
stagnant offense...drafts DT
*looks back on all my draft contests*

"What pick will the first trade happen at?"
*Slams #2*
That confused me a lot
Ya know, I'm usually not for these bets, but this guy... should go through with it.
I think with the new contract rules with rookies, trading is out of the question now.
We don't talk about that guy. 
He went before Marpet??
Please donate your gently used fucks to TE Vernon Davis, as he has ran out of them to give.
Now the real games begin!
Yeah that was pretty lame, began with a 2 hour prime time schedule release special. Milk it!
besides qb isn't that like they're smallest amount of need? 
seemed like a bit of a reach to me
Kelly should just draft Mariota anyway, fuck it
/r/eagles will burn to the ground if we take Landon Collins
Uh oh, no Chip trade?!
Yes you do.
You slept?
Nothing about those outfits makes sense.
No bets.
To be fair, even most non-niner fans were saying that.
I think he's gonna boom or bust. I really don't see him being anything else. 
smart

*finger crossing intensifies*
I prefer it over a cluster fuck mega thread
I can count on one hand the number of people that like sitting next to Kiper. 
what the fuck, why
a wild trade appears
Babahahhahaha
Saints missed out on Vic and Danny Shelton.

My team did great :)
Wait... what? I thought Flowers was projected as a mid-late first round pick (if that).
Those reported packages were surely BS. Mariota would have to be a hall of famer to justify those deals
Yea. I kinda really wanted Williams, but hey, can't be mad with Cooper.
Can't believe they didn't take Randy Gregory with 31... hope he stays for us tomorrow :)
He's actually literally Luries. But we'll take him. We don't usually get many picks early in the first round, so we'll see. You'd think with all that practice, the Jags would be better at it as well.
No 
WHERE IS THE SHOE?
Makes sense especially with Mettenberger's future in question. He'll have the preseason to get his feet wet, and then it's off to the races during the regular season. The titans aren't in a position to "nurture" a grown man who's a heisman winner to be ready for the NFL. You're either ready or you're not. It's sink or swim time
Dante fowler 
No. He should keep it. Skullets will be in style soon
Well that's fun. =)
...i mean I know we usually tend to forget about Mark Clayton but...
for what? what did you think Houston gave us for our first round pick?
Thomas is probably the best ever. Seriously. No homer love.
I'd take OL over DL right now. Someone needs to protect the guy who might be our QB for the next 10 years
;)
Hasn't it always been 10 minutes? I think it's more that teams aren't using up all the time on the clock.
CALLING IT, MARIOTA IS GONNA GET TRADED!!!
Miami should take devonte parker here
I know its not a big deal; I'm a Mizzou fan and he doesn't seem like a bad kid, but to be driving around with weed 3 days before you're projected to be a top 10 draft pick shows very poor decision making.
"We ALSO draft Mariot*o*."
Lol I love this guy but I'm sorry that was fuckin hilarious listening to a pro athlete talking that intelligently. He sounds like he could be working for the White House someday. Lions finally will get a good offensive line and he will retire to go reform Jamaica's healthcare system. 
AND THE BOOS
Or at least the talent that is there is more spread out after the top players.
hearing that song gave me [chills](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jcq8M_JpFs)
I believe in Gettlemagic, but another LB? 
oh look a commercial

 2005 . Good times
I feel like an RB would be wasted on them. They're going to rotate through 4 guys and find someone with a hot hand. No matter what. 1 bad game from Gurley ends his career.
Because you hate Tom Brady?
White
It's nice that every Titans fan got to be at the draft tonight
I was saying Booerns.
Seriously could not have hoped a better 1st round. Rise Up. 
fuuuuuuuuuuuu.......

No more defensive linemen, pls...
Apparently that was just the first hour.
I have no idea when Tomlin just shaved his head completely. It looks so shiny.. I have to lick it. But I know that if I do.. I'll never be allowed back into Heinz Field again. I just.. I.. I have to.
I thought I heard somewhere that the draft was suppose to be commercial free?
Da fuq 
Vic Beasley certainly doesn't fix our defensive woes so I'm not going to be so quick to count that trade out.
How's life Chris?
Always have a "fuck off" in the chamber, ready to go
lol thats cute
I feel like teams are over valuing their picks now. They all want soooo much and teams won't do it anymore. 

That's why everyone wants to trade down, because you get more than its worth in the last few years.
What a Rams pick
Call me Rick and tickle my dick, they didn't pick Williams!
GOD DAMNIT. WHO GAVE DAN SNYDER THE CONTROLLER???
ITS 7:49 CST AND THE BEARS STILL SUCK 
Translation: "Tennessee can hold Mariota for ransom"
Don't hate it but...
And Greg Jennings is going to be around to mentor them and Tannehill, so this is a pretty big pick for the Fins.
LOL LEonard Williams. Poor guy.
[Marcus Mariotto](http://i.imgur.com/MHpcoqM.jpg). With a little coaching, he might become Marcus Mariot
Probably not, but he's really only just productive enough to keep his job, nothing special. Probably go Demario MLB, Pace Lolb, Harris Rolb

with Coples giving and depth guys giving Harris and Pace a lot of rest
Geez. Real personal there...
Except, you know, at the goal line.
pretty high
HIGH
o snap
we'll that makes sense. 
> /r/nhl

/r/hockey is more active, no?
> I'm thinking TE as Witten aint getting any older,

yeah he is...
Pick him already, and lets move on.
Good pick, IMO. He's a good RB.
Don't believe what everyone else is saying, Chip is a fucking insane knee measurer.
LES GO!!!!! **BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
THE BIG SAMOAN IN CLEVELAND 
http://i.giphy.com/3oEdvddubllv9yKFY4.gif
This is a spoiler thread!
I think it was more Chicago fans upset he didn't fall. 
Go Bud. 
A WR!
He has cool hair, too.
The front office is so fucking stupid. I am going to cry myself to sleep now. 
no... devanbae dream is dead
REGGIE WAYNE 2.0

1200yds/11Tds
*sugar-free
Reminds me of The Longest Yard
The trade offers to get williams must not have been great. Jets would have traded down too. 
Nice pick for the Dolphins ^^dammit
Not without sharing with her....
"We're rolling here in Chicago"

No you're crawling Chris. You can't just lie to us like that. We're watching and understand how much time has passed
like a Bose
You can change your helmet, but only for certain reasons(like throwbacks). The NFL could have possibly allowed them, but since this is a pretty bad shop, I am going to say it's a joke.

Also, because I am 90% sure the jersey is actually a 49er style(three stripes, black letter drop). That's definitely not the raiders brand.
And Faulk 
###MEGA BOO COUNT: 5
Rayman!
Spoiler: Titans are about to take Mariota.
Damn, Perryman looks like he's 48 years old
Was that Leonard Williams on the phone in the background when they were showing Kevin White? 
He called Jameis to ask how it was pronounced. 
Dude is gonna be a STUD.
Fuck I'm feeling Randy Gregory if the Bengals don't get him. I'd be happy.
I think they'll only have to worry about one lay over but yeah.
Or not.
No one entering the draft after Collins should be treated the same as Collins. I don't see how Roger Goodell is such a busy person that he can't hear these arguments case-by-case. There is absolutely no reason for "precidence" to be the justification for screwing someone when occurrences like this are so rare. 
In his AMA he said he wanted to come to LA!!! He got his wish!! Sorry STL Fans.
I don't think any niners fans wanted him for some reason. 
How is Luck supposed to utilize all these weapons if we can't get him any protection?
thats a good one, srs
Marcus Mariouta
That seems like a lot to move up two spots. Especially if it's to draft a rb
I'm mixed on Shane Ray. Big risk, big reward. 
What could go wrong?
I love the gold graphics this season
Not even a little bit
Lol what a waste of a pick. .. Don't trust Wisconsin running backs. 
I didn't say he shuts them down consistently but he is a better CB than you give him credit for. You said he is terrible. And that's just not true.
Draft is going by so fast compared to last year
Well, that was a let down...
Down the road works just as well and is more apt also correct
If the comment said "marioto" it's how Goodell pronounced his name. The comment is deleted now so I'm not sure what it said. 
Is there something teams know about L. Williams we don't?

Damn straight they are damn good products. 
Time for the Eagles to get Mariota
Please let us trade him later for some picks.............
Compete for the damn job. So what if he's the number 2 pick. Seahawks traded assets for Flynn and Russell won the damn job.
I think Alex Flanigan is in San Diego you guys...
Colorado, Washington, Alaska, and Oregon. Do you mean 2 states with football teams? Either way the NFL still frowns on MJ so it doesn't fucking matter.
Picking winston first. Lol. 
Alright you've convinced me to trade 3 1st rounders.
Nah that's Bradford.
Well his brother retired last year at the ripe old age of 23...So...

http://nesn.com/2014/07/patriots-dl-armond-armstead-announces-retirement-at-age-23/
He's not really a nose tackle

They're booing Goodell
It works every year right up until you give up like 400 rushing yards to the fucking Pats in the playoffs.
Really good pickup by the Pats.
So far it's hilarious that this overhyped draft is so far one of the most predictable I can remember.
GOGOGOGO Leonard Williams make it happen Reggie
We probably will. Dupree and Johnson are still avaliable and I guess those are the top two guys on our board. With Baalke you never know, but I think that ended up being awesome for us.
**BOOOOOOOOOOOO**
Someone is about to make a knee jerk trade to the Jets
Ok good because we shouldn't mention the other one
over collins?
SO WHO ARE THE COWBOYS GOING TO HAVE TO STOP JERRHA FROM DRAFTING THIS YEAR?
Cam Earving?

At least it wasn't La'el?
Time to go to /r/eagles

Later boners
Doesn't mean much if he has no line in front of him. We have two starters right now. And we have zero proven CBs.
God this division is going to be fun to watch next year!
cant claim to really remember that draft. i was too young. still my opinion is Shaq isn't a first rounder. Let the salty people down vote me for stating my opinion
Cleveland picks: A POTATO
No way they pushed over the treasure like that. I know we are boneheads, but this seems sensationalist.
Seems like a great dude
How is this lol? They just got their QB-WR duo for the next decade. This is hardly an "Al Davis" pick.
Leave Beasley alone Saints!
We always trade
After thinking about it, it makes good sense as a draft. We can plug him where ever our back 4 needs it most after UDFA and possible veteran signings.
Dupree isn't a scheme fit but HOLY FUCK WE SKIPPED ON MALCOM BROWN WTF ??!!???!!!!!
you are in the spoiler thread
We stacked
You didn't know who the #1 CB in the draft was, Trae Waynes was and is a very hyped player. This is slightly different.
another meme QB.
Isn't JJ a 4-3?
Because he is literally the devil.
Raiders picked real quick there.
Holy fuck, now that's how you do a post-draft interview. Such a refreshing change of pace from the "I'm going to come in, work hard, just work really hard, I'm gonna work hard and bring a lot of hard work to this team when I come in and work hard."
Washington represent tonight!
I DONT WANNA LOSE YOUR LOVE TONIGHTTT
Fuck it I'll take scherf over cooper
Lucky you. He haunts my dreams nightly.
I'm one of those lucky billions who wasn't born in America, so wasn't brought up with any bias. 
How is that copying the Cowboys? Our O line is atrocious so we got a new piece. 
Holy shit his mic is terrible
> Daddy

> Niece

He doesn't have a Titans flair bro. 
The meth is strong with KC.
Bears trade Marshall, Pick White. Waste 1st rounder to stand pat.
and chad ford went 32/32
All the guys at home are wearing beats. Doubt that is by accident. 
Who's got a trade for us?
Hook' em Baby! 
i linked it in the original thread the bottom of the 3 links but here ya go 
http://www.reddit.com/r/Chargers/comments/34f861/chargers_in_matt_millens_7round_mock/
He's a beast. 
WE WANT ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF 1ST ROUNDERS NOW. 1 MINUTE LEFT.
Please fuck up Falcons
Butt people like the FHRITP guy. 
Houston could hold off a few picks to get the players they need. 
And there is the Jets fans. haha
They put their pick in very quickly.
Melvin Gordons Mom got some gunz yo
^^^^what ^^^^a ^^^^shock
You're Pam's nephew.
fuck chicago
A 4th and and a 5th from next year
Yeah, i don't know how to show a Nigerian accent through text though so ://
Breshad Perriman looking like John Travolta in battlefield earth.
Marioto lmaooo wtf Goodell
If there isn't a "Famous Jameis Seafood" stand at Raymond James in the next 5 years I will be *very* disappointed. 
Quick, everyone, while you still can! Make a draft Harbaugh joke!
I love the pick. Now to trade back in! 
Trade pick no 2 for several good picks and players and begin building your team from the ground up. That way in the next year or two you actually have a team worth building around. Start with the line and move out addressing the most pressing needs until your team is no longer a dumpster fire. Let Mett play for a year because why not, you're not going to turn around the 2nd worst team in the league in a year anyways. You can wait until next year to draft a qb and see if this one plays out and then you can at least pick one who is a better fit for your team. In the meantime work on getting the most value players to begin making a stable foundation. 

That's what I would do anyways if I wanted to keep my job. We've seen often enough what happens when you throw a young talent in their first year to the wolves. At least give them half a chance, it makes sense in the long run. But what he's doing is desperation. He wants to see results THIS year and make the biggest impact etc rather than the sensible but less thrilling idea of building your team up from the bottom and giving it a stable foundation over time.
i think he will go down as the best player in this draft class. 
FUCK ME
So you are fine with comment about abs that can stop cannonballs but the 3% body fat is what bothers you? Google hyperbole
1 will be a QB it's the sexy position manning or Brady get it 
Hated his yappin' ass while he was at U Dub, looks like that will continue in the pros
Jon gruden looks like he cuts his own hair
Pick is in. Let's go Dupree
The shoe Chip, the shoe
I got that feeling too, but I hope its a pass rusher.
Chargers getting Parker.
The Seahawks. They'll take a chance in the 7th round.
Mariotas stream is slow
Can someone tell me why Tennessee has the first pick in the next round and not Tampa Bay?
I really hope Marcus Mariota sucks if we have to play him twice a year. It's bad enough we got to face Andrew Luck.
I like how people actually think the Titans turned down 2 firsts Bradford Kendricks Cox and more. 

They either were deadset on taking Mariota and these talks never got serious or they take that deal 
Great pick Titans.
I hope the boos get louder and louder until no one can hear anything that awful man says and they have to abort and get someone else to make the announcements. 
ESPN easy the NFL coverage sucks so bad
Especially the people commenting on the Panthers' Facebook post. It's a fucking warzone.
Saints fans: What do you think? Seems wasted to me
Butler
Lol that's pretty hilarious 
He'll fix that historically inept defense right up!
Not bad!
I mean look at that smile
Didn't he say he was going to be fishing or something? 
For those who dont understand the clock and the pick (time between). They hand a card to a guy, that stops the clock. Then that card is handed to someoen else who writes some stuff down, then its given to Goodel. Then Goodell takes him time coming to stage.
Here comes Melvin Gordon I bet
Not if Mariota pans out. 
"Now Jameis, you aren't joining literal Buccaneers. Remember: they don't want to know your raping and pillaging history."
I like that pick for philly alot
This guy...
Would have almost rather gone Brown or the other DT from FSU or even Gregory but I like the pick. He sounds really mature and smart, team captain, 4 year player. Reminds me of the Zach Martin with the maturity and Byron is hell of an athlete. 
Parker to Browns calling it
Shh don't rain on my parade. 
They should stop, the boos only make him stronger. 
fuck. If someone takes Gordon I'm going ballistic.
Sorry OAK, you didn't get the best player in the draft but at least you got the best WR...
Gotta imagine that the Titans are begging the Bucs to take all 10 minutes for more negotiating time
I c what u did

Kinda hoping he would've fell to the Lions
and so it begins...
Yeah I like this. Zimmer-rection engaged. 
I certainly hope so. We will need it against Beasley.
Looks like a cardinals jersey.
Kevin Johnson's feet looked like Sonic in that highlight package from the combine.
I figured they'd take Malcom Brown after losing Fairley and Suh.
Its probably closer to half that number since many trades involved two first round picks being swapped for a team to move up.
\>Penetration skills
in what mock rofl?
Due to limited limited space/schedule I did a pure pushup workout for a month or two and I saw astonishing results. I went from struggling to do a hundred to easily doing two hundred. Then, after not benching in about 2 years I went in there and did 10 reps of 175 pretty easy, which was a giant surprise.

And I had a mediocre diet. I don't think its as inefficient as most people think.
6'2, 340. Dudes a beast
Guess you should have kept Djax.
Shocked, I am shocked. OK TITANS ON THE CLOCK, IT'S GO TIME.
At least Kiper mentioned Marcus Peters as another option for the Chiefs. I was amazed that the announcers called that pick a surprise. He was a guy who was pegged as having the Chiefs interested in him.
Well that sucks. I'm a big Oregon fan, and I think Mariota has all the talent and potential in the world, but he needs some time.

I can only hope that Whisenhunt will adapt the offense to help utilize the things that Mariota can bring to the table by the first game.

Edit: Hey knowledgable Titans fan, do you see your team picking up a WR in this draft? I was looking at your roster, and maybe I just don't know enough about the players you have at WR, but it looks pretty rough for Mariota as far as targets.
Danny Glover in the front, Predator in the back.
I'll take you. Guessing it's Malcolm Brown.
Who da fuck is Marcus Marioto?
That "noise" comment, I'm dying
Nobody seems happy about it lol
I'm so stoked, for real
Niners ride our dick always.
Marcus Motocross
Makes sense...
Someone to stop beast mode?
Jets fan bashing draft picks?
I don't understand what you are saying.

Edit: He edited to clarify his post after I posted this.
It's cool, The Brady 1 is pretty boring, it's just about Chad Pennington. This draft has been thankfully pretty boring thankfully, congrats on the end of the Winston / Marriota debate.
I agree, it is pretty sick
Boooo!


Not bad, IMO.
as far as mindless bubblegum pop goes she's not that bad, and she hella cute. 
Jets DL gonna be nassty
Yeah I watched NFLN and the spotlight was definitely on Winston rather than Mariota. 
Why cant the GM talk to the coaches during a game?
And I don't give an iota of a single fuck :D
He's not a great qb but would be an upgrade for the Browns. 
Fuck this, I'm done with the NFL
Another trade another commercial 
Two years in a row. Aaron Donald last year and Leonard Williams this year.
"Jed York / Trent Baalk brain trust" 
There's a poop joke in there somewhere. 
I hate everything.
Good pick for Derek Carr.
http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/2dtv5y/iama_male_who_lost_his_penis_and_is_getting_an/

This guy could probably give you some life tips moving forward.
Meh. I was hoping he'd fall and we could grab him, but whatever.
Safe pick, Cleveland needs more of those.
Jeff Tuel
1st/1st/3rd/Cox
IT'S LIKE I'M TAKING CRAZY PILLS.
fuck outta here. 
Detroit hopefully knew their guy was going to be there after the deal. Why not pick up two 5's in the process? 

Ramirez is obviously not the answer, but might fill an immediate need. Give leadership. Etc. 
Lol a Niners fan giving someone shit for their shoddy offseason
That's Chip's "O" Face.
Did Kendricks kick a puppy or something? Why is no one picking him up?
nfl.com

JaMarcus Russell was the first overall pick. Tom Brady went in the 6th round.

These guys might be paid a lot but they make a shit load of stupid picks all the time. 
Damn:( I know tackle is needed but Malcolm Brown:( I would've rather just traded down or out
PICK IS IN

I HOPE IT'S WILLIAMS SO CHIP'S WILD RIDE CONTINUES
Good pick to help the Saints D
I'm surprised no one took Landon Collins.
Love our FO.
Damn the Patriots were apparently high on Agholor. 
GODDAMMIT DETROIT YOU IDIOTS 
Remember when TO gave us popcorn? Those were some dark days.
No shit, did people completely forget that he said he wouldn't sell the farm for one player? And the Titans would be retarded for not accepting the rumored trade.
This thread so far has been incredible. First time I've followed the draft on /r/nfl

Won't be the last.
Not for Andy
Bears traded Marshall because of $$$ & bad locker room.
Thomas Davis may have just announced the pick of his successor.
TRADE!!!!
DELETED HYPOCRITE BITCH
Of course the most useless team in America ruins the fun.
worth it for the T-shirt potential alone
Lerry Price 
Think they needed a D-Lineman... I was hoping Williams would fall but he was a decent pick which makes me ok with it. 

Bring on defense in the later rounds.

FTP!!
Nice, now the Eagles can pick Mariota now that this Marioto fool is off the boards.
Im inclined to agree.
What was the exact wording? I missed it texting my brother the pick.
Because we arent ever gonna run the ball

Shit word on the street is Tannehill is gonna start playing WR ever again too
That's a Carolina area code and he's from Connecticut. So no.
***clenching intensifies***
Ray!
Probably more of a panic move after his top targets flew off the board too early.
Somehow still only the second most embarrassing Milwaukee sports team right now.
Really enjoying all the discussion of who everyone else will pick instead of this actual pick. I understand though, it's not like there are 3 other threads they could talk about that in or anything. 

*drowns self in salt*

But actually, I really like this pick. Yeah Williams is a beast but right now I think we need a better O-line if we ever hope to really know wether RGIII is our guy. Plus, and I can't believe i'm saying this, after seeing how well patiently drafting O-line as a priority worked for the cowboys I'd really like us to try it.
The Microsoft Surface^TM War Room
Leonard Williams must be heartbroken
I prefer this direction over trading for AP too
[buffering...](http://i.imgur.com/sqgyltQ.gif)
Dibs.
I'm pissed. 
Which one has walked?
Can we field 6 QBs at once?
Nice one, Suzy. You're just as fake a "journalist" as Rachel Nichols. Both dreadful at their jobs.
Chargers traded up and are now on the clock!
Hard to do when he picks the one position we're most stacked in
I am slightly confused at this pick personally
Was Al fast?
As a Pats fan living in Austin I just nutted
Dupree to Saints? They need pass rush more than Parker...
I'm gonna flip a brick if the Redskins skip on Williams
Now we need a Sherman. 
I don't know how to take your comment so I'm going to remain defensive!
are they having all of those draft picks at home wear beats earbuds? Already saw Winston, Mariota and now Cooper with them
Think about it...
Great pick Houston! Let's see what this kid can do!
Fucking Goodell. Maybe try and learn how to say the guy's name that's been all over ESPN for 6 months.
WE ARE YOUR LINEBACKER GODS
Slot corner in the first round? Wat
Is Mort drunk?
You guys just drafted a Jimmy Ward type, if you were wondering.
Wanna trade?
WTF, 3 picks made and unannounced, they are just stretching this shit out...
[This guy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Borland)
Maybe if Brown is still there at 23. 
He's a project, wasn't even particularly good in college. 49ers dun goofed, he's going to be their Marcus Smith IMO
I missed his mispronunciation, but in my experience everyone in the Midwest says Oregon like it sounds (Oregahn) but it's actually "Oreghen". This is not something I knew until I moved out of the Midwest and everyone made fun of me. I'm still convinced all of you West Coasters are just fucking with me.
lol Jaguars get their pick in aaaaand commercial 
Oh god, I feel like whoever the Jets pick is gonna make me nervous - Williams, White or Gurley? Oy vey.
Mariota fused with Goku 
*We've got the biggest -* 
*-BALLS OF THEM ALL*
Conspiracy theory: Chip made a ridiculous offer to make it seem like Mariota was a can't miss--without ever planning on following through. This made Tennessee take another look as to whether or not they wanted Mariota. The Titans take Mariota without trading down, everyone else falls into place, and Chip takes Agholor exactly as he planned.

Edit: I like your peaches, and I really want to shake your tree.
Eisen saying the "only question" is whether Cutler can do it is kind of silly. The Bears D has been terrible
Johnson party!
Dude. *Lie.* 
*awkward silence*
It's not like Brown is universally considered the better pick than Armstead. Mayock had Armstead as 14 overall and Brown 20. 
he doesnt look happy
2 mins gone on the clock.
nfl network
Neither of them look like anything better than mediocre in my opinion. It feels like both are at their ceiling and we don't have the tools to work around them being just OK.
What a tease.
4th this draft and a 5th next year I believe. 
Interested to see how this kid plays out. Could be great or could be a Blackmon type. 
[Just helping out](http://cleatsandcleavage.com/)
"No one can stop this kid, except for his ACL injury" 

Wow man, that's fucked up.
we dont have athletic dbs. hilton crushed us. it will be a need next year i guess.
put "R.I.P. in peace" on the back
I've never done that you damn weirdo.
Dude is super versatile. good pickup IMO

Bud Dupree is my guess
Oh, they were talking about the Dolphins logo....
Taking a RB that early is so dumb. 
Holy fuck we could get Randy Gregory
Screw that I want Goldman. Pats are awful at drafting CB gimme a good nose tackle in the first instead. 
The Raiders have had the pick in for 10 minutes
Wow. He's really bad at baseball
WE ARE GOING TO GET GREGORY 
If this offer was really on the table and Tennessee rejected it, I think they are really stupid.
That lift was promising tho
Our CB1, Jonathan Joseph has 1 year left on his contract, and is 31 years old.
I couldn't find the record, but five were drafted last year
I wish they wouldn't had called back.
And scary, please don't celebrate each TD by eating a lb of crab legs. We all know how our 1st pick QB turned out.
Incoming Pats fans worried about Brady.
Texans wanted Gordon, apparently. Chargers jumped over them.
Ah yes. The other Marcus.
People that think amari was a bad pick did not watch him play. He is easily my favorite player. ^^^^^i ^^^^^might ^^^^^be ^^^^^biased
Scherff is solid but Williams to the fucking Bears PLEASEEA KPASDAKSDOKASD 
He's truly an animal who can play anything and will do what is asked of him. Great pick honestly.
Mel Kiper is such a bitch. 
Noooooooooo :(

Fuck. Raiders got a stud. I *really* wanted them to take Williams, he was the perfect Raider...
why on earth were you downvoted
I agree which I why I wanted
Uhm is anyone gonna pick Williams?
Can say the same thing about Kevin White. 
 
Why? Who cares if you score like 30 points when you can't even stop the opponent from scoring 50 points. 
Bears needed defense way more than that pick.
> so I won't even bother

And yet, you did. Why should I pretend to find bullshit when it's sitting right out there?

I don't really know much about Peters, time will tell. Forgive me if I don't put much stock into what you have to say about him.
YOU DON'T MAKE FUN OF THE HANDICAPPED.
For Gordon!
Based on this thread I don't think anyone noticed.
I'm from Portland, we all would have politely clapped and then tweeted bad things about him, possibly held up some witty protest signs, and then posted vicious things in the portland subreddit. Passive Aggressiveness all around!
wow Gurley made it in top ten
And Dion Sims.
This is horrible coverage. Is Mo Claiborne directing the show for NFLN?
http://zunox.hk/zunox1.html
Hi Shane...is your mom dead yet?
Alright. We're guaranteed either Waynes or Parker. I say you have to take one of them at 11.
I'll take him for the right price 
SELL. THE. BARN!!!!!
Vikes need to go with Parker here.
GUYS WE REPLACED JEREMY MACLIN 1.0 WITH JEREMY MACLIN 2.0
die
Yes but we go for best available for a position we need

DT is one of the most set positions on the Jets roster
Nothing...Nothing at all, Just shh for 2-3 more picks please. 
Got a feeling about Shelton here. He can help them stuff the run. 
I guess its as good a place as any. 
Yeah, gotta protect the QB, showing how little I know about football.
There it is, he'll be scary with Alshon
Please don't take Landon Collins
Nah we're locked and loaded there.
3 UW players first round. Bow Down.
I don't want the Jets getting Leo.
Ball got arrested on mifflin one year if you want to count that
Peat has such a skinny head compared to his body.
Over in /r/Browns most of us are happy about this pick, actually.
This dude is the TO of CB. Cooper said the N word. Peters got kicked off his team
He's versatile and obviously we needed depth at that position. The offense went from "decent enough" to flat out incompetent after Mack went down.
Surprised they didn't draft Mariota anyway, **I'M CHIP KELLY DAMMIT.**
I honestly would have rather had another DE (ok slight exaggeration). but I'll wait and see how well he does I guess
Yeah, but Denver traded 28, so it's a wash. You're still up 2 though
Hey now they have 3 hours of time slotted here. 
Chris Broussard has trained them well
Or is this just Fantasy (football)
so did Brian Williams
the lack of boos is disappointing 
Hahahaha, [it's a fake](https://twitter.com/RAIDERS/status/593996122936344577)! Solid trolling.
It's cool man
Woo! 
The Mariota camp weren't around for the past month so give it a few days and they'll be gone again.
Looks like I'm buying a Titans jersey.
I completely agree. It's a big year for a team that was expected to win 20 games. But tonight has been bad between the blowout and Giannis ejection.
i agree, we have to get to the qb....thats been one of our main problems
Too much. I have faith in our GM though. So we'll see. I did take a drink when I heard the trade hahaha. Bolt up
Tebow is Vick and Agholor is Jackson in Miracle at the Meadowlands 3
pls Byron Jones he can jump 12 feet so that means he's a good CB
LT
Tell us the pick you fucks.
Dallas war room high fiving. They got their guy.... Guessing Byron Jones.
\#JustCommishThings
Threw my 360 controller off my couch. Bounced up and landed on my nuts.

Seriously.
As a Longhorn I can't get more erect.
Play guard and yes also be insurance policy for Mack.
That's always been the condition. You apparently need everything spelled out for you. 
My jaw actually dropped. 
Guess we're going with a WR then
arik armstead to the 49ers! Kinda surprising! 
Gotta tape the name on the jersey
Half of the stupid-ass ones had us taking him at 9. No surprise to me he's gone already.
We have four serviceable WRs
Fuck me. I was trying to win tickets to that game and was initially really bummed I didn't.. now, not so much.
Go Bolts!
I'm okay with that. I'm hoping for Byron Jones.
Shame on them for failing to display the bold spirit of Cleveland.
I want something crazy to happen so bad.
Yes. Source: TEDDY
Someone tell me if I'm supposed to be happy or mad!
We gonna get someone good. The question is just who it'll be.
I feel like it's a good place for him to fix any attitude and off the field problems he has.
You were downvoted, but you're right, hes playing opposite the LEO, him and alualu are going to rotate where bug red played, people need to know this before typing.
It's all the cheese.
its kind of odd bill said he was 260 tonight
Huge but hasn't done much. good potential
FYI the Tampa side is one of the few places in America where full nude, full contact stripclubs are allowed. 

Mons Venus. Don't go Jameis.
SKOLLLLLLL
Fixed
 I like the work of Louis Riddick. He's making ESPN look good tonight.
Well I kinda want to because you're in the division. But you're my least hated west team. 
THEY'RE A BUNCH OF BITCHES /s

I don't know, it just worked out that way.
*dat Gruden snap*
Omg, did I just find probably the only other Pats/Tigers fan in the world?
I like how the dolphins are just breezed by like they didn't even pick. Fuck the media. 
dany shelton? please bears

the lowest he was mocked was #21...
THE JETS DIDN'T GET COOPER! THANK GOD!!
Brandon Marshall died for this shit
Nelson Agholor, 6' 180lb. Looking like no :-( 
> Commercial free for the rest of the hour.

So 3 picks?
Why do you think that?

We have five decent corners,

We don't need a sixth.
This was a "sure, fuck it...why not?" pick if I've ever seen one.
if that was true your GM whose JOB IT IS to do that would have recognized that. I'm not super familiar with your guys history in the draft outside of Kuechely and Cam but your GM felt that shaq (an amazing player) would help you more than what he judged as a below-average lineman. Who did you want to see picked, and not just positions.
This is what I'm using (stream 2 is NFL network) http://www.stream2watch.com/sports/football/nfl-draft-live-stream-april-30
I hope he does well. He's much, much better than Mettenberger.
yeah i'm super dyslexic. Do stuff like that way too often 
I was really expecting to get them to get Williams.
Manziel had some nice protection
Except on Week 3.
Colts already have their blazing fast WR, now they add another one.
Blame your front office. The Jets pick was up for grabs.
This is the ESPN no spoiler thread.
Saint take Stephone ANthony
Eh anything can happen, but it was always a really unlikely trade. 
That's what I'm praying it is. We know how bad chip wants him. Just frustrating having it drag
Inb4 randy gregory
the thing that I love so much about Cooper are his routes. He doesn't slack, he runs such clean beautiful routes every time. 
This guy has Jim Caldwell written all over him
I'M DISAPPOINTED WE DON'T GET TO HEAR THE JETS FANS BOO THEIR TEAM'S PICK.

I GUESS I'LL SETTLE FOR HEARING THE BEARS FANS BOO THEIR TEAM INSTEAD.
Back when I made bet

Mariota was not lock

to be top 5 pick
Dupree,Brown,Flowers or Peat. 
If he can cover good enough, he might be able to at least hold up a receiver enough to let other players such as Burnett close.
And the sheets
don't you already?
Damn. That is a big SOB.
What the fuck for real
Todd Gurley is Katt Williams
We also need a lot of help in the pass rush department 
I always thought he looked familiar
I don't quite understand
you were right all along 
This guy just seems arrogant to me...
I think they got a C
Great prospect, he would've looked great in black and gold. The rich just get richer...
FORGOT THE USB!

BILL! SACRIFICE HIM!
Not Williams!
good instead of food. tricky, I know
Just filling in for the missing mass of Jets fans.
Its smart. I bet they're gonna trade him
Dat roll
FINE. LET ME HAVE ONE MARCUS PETERS THEN
What the hell, AFC east has all decided to go all in on dline and kill brady
LMAOO how the fuck can you not even pronounce Mariota?
Great pick by Cleveland. 
No way. Shaq Thompson, in space? Straight up play maker. Is Carolina using him as an LB or more of a safety?
Smart move for once, jets.
I'm totally OK if the Cards pass on Gregory and Ray. That would be great.

Edit: Scratch Ray, I was sure the Donkeys would take a tackle.
Oh yeah.
OH SHIT, IT'S IN. 
Yeah you know that gif where the ball is flying past Manning's head in the Super Bowl? Manny Ramirez snapped it.
ALRIGHT! not expected, but every fan of every team always wants to improve their O-Line and always says its not a sexy pick. They are right but I got faith. Give RG3 the protection he needs.
the only two worth taking @ 8 are gone
People realize there are 6 rounds left, right? Half this thread makes it sound like the Panthers can't find any line help in the 2nd.
Time to get a new family van: http://www.tourbusnyc.com/images/img2.jpg
Pats odd man out
Stacy wasn't really a part of the run game last year. Definitely won't this year.

But Gurley/Mason in a run heavy offense makes sense with our linemen, they're all maulers rather than pass protectors. Takes the pressure off Foles.
Fucking Tony Soprano died? I can't work out fuck this
REALLY??? MARIOTTO??? MARIOTTO. 
Carolina go get Phillip Dorsett! Would love to see a WR from Miami with you guys.
L
**.**
fucking idiot. 
Whitest school, also.
I know, i was saying would the texans have taken gordon? Im assuming so but with foster...
Fair. I just don't like the reddit circlejerk sometimes. No one really knows how a pick is going to turn out so its weird that people's opinions are so lopsided when most mock drafts expected us to take him.
To much beer?
That DirecTV girl is so hot 
Humphries or Die Hard
At least you have Chinese food.
Bud Party in Pittsburgh!!
Yeah Jameis! 
FUCK YEA!!!
If you don't like the taste you should stop drinking his semen.
Thanks Redskins.
what? you're in the ESPN thread 
You guys write down your plan?
and immediately are handed grilled cheese sandwiches.
There we go Cleveland
Trade Wilkerson for a WR 
Don't worry, they save money by not using any ingredients that have any real taste.
Take ya to Brown town
Can I get a video of the question
Just hoping the Titans draft Mariota so we can stop hearing about ridiculous trade ideas from Eagles fans.
Going WR. I know that Wayne is gone, but I think that we could have gone defense with the first pick. cb isn't worth it now in the first round, but I wanted d line or o line. Weird pick, but I can see it. 
But... Our offense though??
Oh yeah! Nice.
This is gonna take me a while to get straightened out.
Not says "I love you Mom" than a Galaxy S 6. 

Maybe I should give her a bowling ball with my name on it so she never forgets! 
REDSKINS SUCK FOREVER
I'd like him 100x more if he does this.
Suzy Kolber openly patronizing minorities on national TV.

lol
Oh my lord those Boos are deafening 
Leave your card with MacCagnan...

(What can you offer...?)
all the secondary R1 talent is gone. Best player available logic from Chip is all. 
That is a BEAUTIFUL lei. Someone put a lot of love into that.
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Good first round by Cleveland.
GG Chip
Yeah, I'm just saying it's different from how Saying Mariota incorrectly was just a slip up, but he is saying exactly what he was trying to say when he pronounces Oregon. 
It's an okay strategy. 
This would be much worse. At least Hernandez wasn't somehow involved in a murderer when he was drafted. 
[**@RichCimini**](https://twitter.com/RichCimini):
>[2015-05-01 02:51:45 UTC](https://twitter.com/RichCimini/status/593971035910873088)

>Jets draft Leonard Williams, willing to listen to offers for Mo Wilkerson, per source. [#NYJpick](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23NYJpick) [*espn.go.com*](http://espn.go.com/new-york/nfl/story/_/id/12796000/leonard-williams-goes-new-york-jets-no-6-pick-nfl-draft)

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=http://reddit.com/34h64h%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

The Colts just drafted... another TY Hilton
We didn't need a reciever...
Did we just draft Lil Jon? 
Well it's all downhill from here. The only real drama is over. This was actually shaping up to be a pretty boring draft 
If the Eagles actually offered two firsts and a third round pick and players [as reported](http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2448023-titans-trade-rumors-latest-news-rumors-and-speculation) including Bradford, the Titans just made the biggest mistake in their franchise history.
WOOOO
2012 - Luck and RG3
Nah, I like this pick. 
Can White drop to within our reach?
Dontari Poe was called a workout warrior when he was drafted too
You are like my favorite Patriots fan ever. 
UH OH, highest pick from IOWA since Robert Gallery...
Not the best looking jersey to use there IMO
Eventually maybe. He needs to help the secondary first, just like TD did.
Im proud^^^single ^^^tear
The crimson chin
Dion is giving quick interviews and he's not awkward about it. Plus the crew has been both positive and negative about every guy. 
Cause he's serviceable and they much bigger needs at other positions
http://www.houseofsparky.com/2015/4/30/8525111/asu-football-damarious-randall-2015-nfl-draft-Green-Bay-Packers

Edit: http://www.houseofsparky.com/2015/4/30/8520095/damarious-randall-draft-profile

Can't help you on the why you should like it. I just blindly follow TT to the promised land. I'm also an ASU fan, so hooray for Randall. 
Just google it bro, search "Danny Shelton Pinecone Ass" on google.
Well this is the first franchise RB we've drafted since Snisher has been here
Love the pick! 
We kinda got that last year though too...
Maybe if he actually *got a brother's name right* he wouldn't be hated so much.
I hate how these new trailers for Avengers show so much of the movie.
I've watched enough TV shows to know that everyone is a suspect. You don't fool me.
Django. 
Good Job, Browns! If you can control the trenches, you control the game. 2 very nice picks.
shut up
We're drafting Tebow.
I have us taking Shane Ray anyway
We only had one pick. I'm worried...
They have no evidence of wrong doing so he is not yet a suspect. They are bringing him in to question to see if he incriminates himself. I do honestly think he's innocent but he's not out of the woods yet.

down voted why?
No shit. Maybe the Titans really, _really_, wanted Marioto all along though.
Yeah, but are they taking out loans and shit before they sign to pay it off with the signing money?
Would he use two high picks on the same position though?
I think they're annoying all the time, to be fair. :D
Give Us Fatt Stafford and Megatron and we'll throw in DT and Montee Ball.
I doubt it tbh. Probably trade out 

i stand corrected
They are getting phone calls from other teams I bet 
We have the 7th pick and I might have to wait over an hour to see it..
I hope we take him
That bowtie is fantastic
Chip Kelly can do anything. 
To who?
Eh since all the top CBs were gone the strat is now load up in the front 7
Sandow?
lol well /r/eagles should be happy
Know how I know you don't pay attention to anything.
The one time baalke is predictable and he still makes a bad pick. 
Have you not seen the Vikings draft the last 3 years? These aren't the take Ponder in the first Vikings anymore.
Raiders waste no time... pick is in.
SHOCKING
"Tenessee Titans select Marcus Marioto"
I still hope he comes 
fourth and next years fifth
Me either.
I could die happy just knowing that San Fran would have a salt avalanche
"Marcus Marioto" -Roger Goodell 2015
Fuck man. FIRST THEY TAKE DOLPHINS, NOW PARKER.

Damn :(
I don't mind it. Take the best thing on the board.

Plus we're pretty set at WR for a while
For those Browns fans who didn't watch Washington football, [This is who you're getting.](http://gfycat.com/BrightNarrowFlamingo#)

Treat him well!
You're like 5 picks late.
I just notice that the Cowboys took all the trouble players. I am picturing the Longest Yard movie when i think of our team.
I'm surprised this is even on over there, I know they have games in Wembley but do they actually care enough to watch the draft?
Classic Raiders drafting speed. 
Jerry Reach (around)
Crab leg stock is at an all time high 
I was listening to the amateur hour podcast the other night. They mentioned he kicking a player off the team every month. Peters was the highest profile and nobody logins about the other guys. 
Foster is a walking soft tissue injury and Alfred Blue is not good.
What??
Yeah I guess we'll see!
Sorry, but those suck. They have some of the best normal uniforms in the league. But I am looking forward to reading the Nike press release to see what kind of bullshit the uniform "represents"!
The patriots are going to pick Jesus Christ himself... I feel it. I may be a little too drunk. 
E: JESUS CHRIST SUPERSTAR!
i wANT that kind of d line depth.
Jags should pick up Cooper so Raiders can't get him :(
I....I thought Tre Mason was gonna be their feature back
Smart move. Build a good line.
I feel like chip reached again. This almost proves Marcus smith was chip's pick (in my mind). That might not be true, it just feels like Jordan Matthews last year where he could have been gotten lower
Now I kinda wish the Chargers woulda got him ):
How is it a reach when we're obviously not picking for need? We clearly showed the most interest in him so you know we did our homework. 
Haha that bears fan cam was pure gold. 
wtf why would you ask that
STOP talking, show me the pick.
is my feed just way behind or did the clock start like 5 min late?
WE DRAFT ON THURSDAY NIGHTS MAGGLE!
A defensive line with Bryant, Shelton, and Taylor isn't too bad. 
EAGLES QB WHAT BASED CHIP STRIKES AGAIN
Yay
As a Rams fan...
Who cares? He was irrelevant already. 
SHIT I wanted Gurley... UGH I don't want Waynes or Johnson. 
Ayy
Wow, wonder what they're gonna do with Mettenberger now
So? 
Alright. I wish we had taken Parker, but okay.
Only if there's choking stuff. Gruden is about to reach over and strangle him.
well he surprised all of us niner fans. tricky little fucker.
Workout warrior. He has all the potential.
Forfeit the pick
The Falcons FO just started cursing.
This guys on point.
Guessing Fowler here. Jags need that edge.
 I swear if the Titans pick Williams, I'm gonna cry.
he has a spear for a chin
They have the names, then they like insta-steam press it on once they get the pick in. The jerseys are blank.
Well, Gordon or Gurley were supposed to come in and start, but now it's up to McFadden. Ahahaha
Brown, Collins, anyone that could help our D :'(
And I am just informing you that you thinking so is completely meaningless. 
Bruhhhhh, Told Bowles look like a robot or a mannequin or something 
I'm sorry...why did a Nose Tackle's 40 yard dash time push him down the board? He's never going to run a meaningful 40 yards in a straight line ever in his career except MAYBE a fumble recovering. 
Tannehill deep for Parker!
Perfect
you already know
Our division will be well protected
I am... Even the best QBs and RBs cant be efficient without an OL 
Kevin White is great but its gonna be hard needing 50pts to win every game
LOL BRO DID YOU HEAR STUPID DUMB IDIOT GOODELL SAY MARIOTO LAWLWAWLOWLALWL WHAT A **FUCKING IDIOT** LOL MARIOTOLOL
I love how excited he was...I was against the pick this whole time, but damn that kid has some energy. Bolt up!
Heh I don't know if you know this or not, but you are replying to the guy that made the video 
Raise your Fowlers
Ah, thanks for the insight. 

So... I have to ask now that I've seen Lance Zierlein be right on the money so many times - do the analysts get this info leaked as well to make themselves look better or...? 
#1st pick. See, sea bass OK
AHHHAHAHAHA you took Cooper anyway.
I guess this is thread for people who don't have cable?
Good for Pam?
Just a hamster.
YYESSSSSSSSS HE DIDN'T GO TO THE BEARS
So I like this pick for you guys. Amari Cooper vs Marcus Peters is gonna be a solid as fuck battle for the future.
All those people booing Goodell. Feels good...
I bet he's going to give a call to MN about a trade. I doubt they'd be able to come to a deal, but I think they will make a call.
Happiest day of your life? Oh, remember that time your brother died? Yeah... Congrats!
But according to Tenn fans he's going to be like the next Tom Brady or Peyton Manning
I really want to see this d line vs the o in practice. It will be like Madden on stupid easy. I think I'll go away where there are no TVs for every AFC East game next year.
tweets usually put it out before hand
I think it looks hella clean.
Cam is going to be great for them. He's smart and is willing to adjust. Best of luck at the next level . go noles
This guy FUCKS!
Banned?
And Mariners (maybe)
Bad situation for everyone
So much for no RBs in the 1st
Shefter just announced the Rams have a surprise coming 
Who saw this coming
Not a reach if he's the number one player left on Dave Gettleman's board. He also would definitely not be there in the second round when the Panthers pick next. 
nope...
>Marcus Marioto

This guy had one job. 
The lack of trades makes me think that a Jerruh trade bomb is about to happen....
This kid is gonna be good.
That's what I wanted. Reunited with Hammock!
"LOOK, I KNOW YOU'RE HAVING A GREAT TIME BUT LET ME REMIND YOU THAT YOUR BROTHER IS DEAD."
Jets intent on becoming the AFC version of Rams with all that D-line. 
Chargers are getting Parker.
Gurley in the top 10 huh.
SHOCKER
Great.. now we have picks stacking up... c'mon and stop with overboard presentation.
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-dmD0vmoHwPc/UsUReOtQMBI/AAAAAAAABoY/zkOQiUPdk-U/s1600/A0BWDZyCEAAITLF.jpg
Why would he pin his ears back? Does that make him more aerodynamic? 
I didn't want Mariota, but thanks for trying anyways
[Here's what I think of...](http://files.riffsy.com/images/9c01891a2662331fba54e0b117abe453/raw)
Don't like Waynes
Nobody uses "alot of" 6 lineman formations. You don't draft someone for a play that you use once every game or so. 
http://i.imgur.com/Q8n6KMY.png

boom
Draft wizards: Who will the Packers be taking?
Volume tackling is a terrible measure of basically anything. Chad Greenway is several years past being even average but he still racks up tons of tackles.
Yeah, but I was a fan of all of them by 95.
Even better.
All the teams are secretly waging war for pick #199 
It's a great fit. It just feels right to me. I think he'll have a good, interesting career. The NFL just became a lot more fascinating.
I heard he's opening for Kanye
Tim Tebow with the only winning record lol
:/
Must be clueless. Yep. Or maybe I understand VALUE over NEED. If you think any guard, or a tackle who can only play on the right side is worth a top five pick it is you who is, in fact, clueless and you clearly have no concept of how the NFL works. And because I'm feeling pedantic, Free Safety is arguably a bigger need than RT. Don't try to school me on the Redskins when you can't grasp concepts such as draft value. 
Malcom Brown pls
Hahaha taking a jab at the Redskins FO. Gruden is awesome.
HE WAS EVEN FROM CHARLOTTE. IT WAS TOO PERFECT.
The Houston fans have deceived me...
It's getting harder to distinguish Raider fans from Bucs fans with dudes like that.
Janikowski was at 17
Don't forget the Dolphins too ;)
Swimmin in aaaaall the picks
DAT FOREHEAD 
The pick has been in for 5 goddamn minutes just tell us already
Why are they still taking a commercial break if our pick is in?!
I'm extremely happy.

Danny Shelton and Cameron Erving are safe, solid picks. Jaelen Strong/Devin Smith/Randy Gregory are all on the board heading into day 2. We have a chance to make 2015 an extremely unsexy but extremely productive draft.

Also Danny Shelton nearly killed Roger Goodell. Lovely.
"Nothing could stop him... other than his ACL injury."

SMOOTH CHRIS.
We traded back.
I'm pretty sure OP was being sarcastic.
This is him pointing the gun at MM's head and telling Chip "I'LL DO IT CHIP, GIMME THE PICKS" 
What do you think would be a fair trade for Mettenberger?
"He's got huge hands, thick cock"
Yes, not for that though.
haha... what a great joke.

when's the raiders real pick

wait?

Thats actually it?
ATL's got a new Vic
seriously what is going on!!!
And gets booed.
Who we tried to resign....
How ya feeling about this statement now?
It fills a big huge need. I'm ok with that. I think they could have traded back a few spots and still picked him, but gotta have faith in Scotty McC.
Every year I tell myself I'm going to watch the entire first round, and every year I give up trying to listen to some idiots talking for 9 minutes before every pick.
Can't blame them. If you're a young player about to get replaced, you're better off elsewhere.
If we had a Marshawn I'd be happy...
Best player available? Yes. Still think it's a bad fit
They got two very good certain cornerbacks I know.
The jets are on the BOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Us and another team will be the first trade
And of course the Pats take him, see him in the Pro Bowl in a couple years now...ugh
wtf lol
Reading is hard
Huh
No. Theyre sitting on my computer which is getting hot. So they're good
Ray? 
I dunno dude he has bears flair 
Or in River's words, "Stop fudging fudgin" !
honestly vic beasly wouldve been more complimentary to the Jets unless they find a way to go 4-3
The ride never ends with Chip Kelly at the wheel
"marcus marioto"
That Todd Bowles picture looks like it's from Madden.
Yeah but I don't know how likely he offered all of that. I really doubt he did.
Welp. There it is. I'm relieved all the speculation for what we've known for a bit now is all over.

I'm happy Lovie and Licht made the pick. I was half-scared Lovie might go on stage and announce that God is angry at Jameis so they're picking Mariota instead.

But to be a cynic, we've never had a franchise QB, so I'm not expecting much. It just doesn't feel like we *should* have a franchise QB (it's legitimately difficult for me to imagine), and Jameis seems like a fairly high bust candidate. And it makes me sick that those are my thoughts I just don't really expect anything from the Bucs at this point.

I'll be delighted if he turns into anything near the potential he has though. And hopefully that's what happens. :)
Nah Beasley is too small. Maybin level prospect. We needed Fowler or Cooper.
Winston, if you fuck this up for us.
trade back again Baalke. all the picks.
Oh you mean the owner and general manager of the Dallas cowboys Jerry Jones?
Isaiah pead and daryl richardson and zac stacy and tre mason now todd gurley hey guise could we keep a starting runningback between seasons perhaps?
Unrealistic but very entertaining.
Fuck this commercial is still a thing?
He really didn't play that well either.

He was a rookie who played all of 6 games in the NFL with a shitty team, so I'm not ready to fully judge him yet. He was never a complete disaster, but there was also very little to get all that excited about, so I really don't know why so many people think he may be the answer for the Titans (or any other team). 

They spent a 6th rounder on him, and he's proven he's worth a 4th rounder for some team that wants to give him a shot, but that's about it.
I'm just gonna leave [this](http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/04/16/sports/errors-in-inquiry-on-rape-allegations-against-fsu-jameis-winston.html?_r=0) here...
Hope he keeps his nose clean.
>But, I just feel like /r/nfl and reddit in general acts like they're all 30 year olds and prefers boring jerseys

>Originality isn't something I take into consideration when it's just ALTERNATE jerseys

To me, they're boring because they lack originality. It's also "Surprise! Black jersey for no reason!" that plagued the late 90's and early 2000's.

>To each their own, then

Indeed.

ahh i see, thanks
So the QB has someone to throw to?
Has anyone ever seen a jacket that had *only* the collar a different color before this?
ALL OF THE 5 TECHS ARE BELONG TO JETS
And thats the first jaw dropper in this draft. Followed immediately by the most asinine commentary of this draft. "Nothing could stop this kid but his ACL injury". Really? Just...really?
I'm wondering the same
Lol ESPN commercial free but they go to commercial on the Jags pick.
yeah, I'm just chilling here because they're still circlejerking over Mariota
WHAT. THE. FUCK. IS. GOING. ON.
Not really, BOSE wants the older crowd that actually pays attention to ads, Beats wants the kids that want to dress like the players.
You can tell Mayock hates this pick 

The outrage wasnt at the player, it was at the morons who kept acting like it was a no brainer that we wanted him. Morons like Kiper who projected the #8 pick at #40.
BD Rileys?
I wish Gruden, Sir Charles, and Shaq were providing commentary 
fuck now i have caps on!
Before the days of social media.
Good *god*
yeah seems like a good trade for you 
After all that... unbelievable disappointment. 
I was clearly just joking bro. 
Really want the saints to trade up for dupree here
They need to hold the Draft in NOLA. Everyone would be fucking wasted. 
Probably Ray.
What does this even mean?

Also we're already 12 picks into the first round, man, you're a bit late.
So we are going Armstead now?
My body is ready. Go Pack Go!
I guess I was biased by some recent post, about Dalton in the playoffs, and how the rest of the team failed to show up in the playoffs as well, and it specifically emphasized how awesome the run-D was in the regular season but failed in the post season. The thread in question pointed it out as a trend over several seasons, that the run D was normally stout, but failed in the post-season....
AC/DC!!!!!
woooooooooooooooooooo 
***Cowboys select CB Byron Jones.***
Not surprised about this pick. 

I'm really anticipating who the Titans are picking though, or if they are trading out.
> He still seems way off though.

Time will tell. Some people thought [JJ Watt](http://houston.culturemap.com/news/sports/04-29-11-texans-will-rue-the-night-they-took-pizza-boy-watts-over-nick-fairley-houston-lover/) was a stupid pick. Let's see how these players pan out then we can pass judgement on his board.
So Brady isn't worth 2 first rounders either? 
randy starks also in the mix for some durability

It rotates after the first rd. Same with 11 through 13.
FSU quarterbacks
I'm excited to see who Ted picks.
Nope, you take Williams if you're the Jets.
I don't think he's special but he's serviceable. Team needed a lot of pieces not just a qb. I wish they took that eagles trade Rappaport talked about. Getting 4-5 guys would've just sped up the rebuild. 

I'm glad they got what they believe to be a franchise qb, but I also question not accepting that offer. 
Just know that he wanted to be with *us*
and no amount of tweets in the world will change that whomever the best QB is would be chosen to start. No coach be it highschool, college, NFL, CFL, etc. is going to say, "damn Mett is 10x better than Mariota. He's tearing shit up...but I'm going to start Mariota anyway." 

it will never happen, ever. no coach is going to purposely sandbag their team to lose on purpose. 
WOOH!
Satisfied with our pick
Oh god Scherff's attempt at a smile was horrifying. 
It'd matter more if Baalke actually knew how to draft though
Love that pick.
I'm not sure I love this guy, but I trust our front office.

Feels damn good to be able to say that.
Don't fuck it up Reese.
I'm more curious what the hell happened to LANDON Collins... 
"Congratulations, Andrus. Your Family must be proud. Now, I understand, today is also the death of your cat "Snoogums"
He's also made a few game-winning plays, and was among the leaders in the NCAA in TFLs. 
Chipster: Tennessee took Mariotoe. Mariota is still available! Call Jacksonville now!
Worth a first round pick, maybe just not that high... worse picks have happened certainly. Not a bad pick, especially if the Falcons pair him with a player via trade.
Installing a new (old) system and, yes, dividends started to show towards the end of the season. 
Goddamnit!

I'm cautiously optimistic.
Winning. 
Shoulder injury concers i guess
I'm sure they get paid for doing so 
Out of all the WR I didn't project this guy in the first round (I'm also not an NFL GM). In Ozzie We Trust.
Dem guards doe
Agreed. 
They said he was too raw and not a move Baalke would make.
[Okay...](http://www.gfycat.com/DopeyMelodicDogwoodtwigborer)
Marcus "Super Dimensional Fortress" Macross
Yessss
I am very happy
If a player tears his ACL on the stairs, Chip Kelly will trade for him
Terrible pick rotfl
I love this pick. If he gets healthy this kid is going to be awesome.
NO!!!! I WANTED THE TRADE!!! **I WANTED THE TRADE!!**
You leave your roofies out of this!
I've watched every single game for over 17 years, I don't need to re-watch anything. You're ignoring the numerous big plays he's given up that were solely his fault. If you think he's a consistently good CB you're the one who needs to go back and re-watch the game tape.
Detroit would be a good fit too. 
Wtf, why were all of the comments after this deleted??
Should have gone with Peters...
Just got home from work, got a brand new case of Lost Lake, let's see what Chip's got up his sleeve.
At least he can afford it?
And that has nothing to do with what they air
CHIP KELLY HAS FAILED, HIS NFL EXPERIMENT IS OVER!!!! HYPERBOLE!!!!
Welcome to the club 
It feels like they're running extra commercials to vamp time and stretch out the night because the first half of the draft went so fast. 
Williams is falling
I think Mettenberger requesting a trade means that Titans are really going with Mariota. They would have told Mett if they were going to trade Mariota I think. 
I was personally hoping for a defensive pick too, but if he was the best player on their board I'm fine with the pick. If Jeffery were to get hurt, we have no legitimate options behind him. Only a top tier defense can carry our offense without 17 now that 15 is gone , and we're not gonna get there in one off season. Giving us a legit option across from him and as insurance with a middle of the road defense while we rebuild it seems like a sensible option to me. 
5 +/- 1.5 rds
Cam Erving was a center at FSU but was announced tonight as a guard. 
But theyre gonna listen to last minute offers
Because adults get angry over the Internet
Even non-Jets fans were surprised they selected THE BEST PLAYER IN THE DRAFT
An embarrassing photo of John fox at the Christmas party. They are gonna need it twice this year
Ah, playing the Chip Kelly card, I see.
Solid pick, shame about the ACL.
Grudan rippin kiper a new one.
which 3
10/10 would read in a Salarian inflection again.
WHERE THE FUCK ARE THE TRADES DAMMIT
D.J. HUMPHRIES, Florida (6-5, 307, 5.08, 1): Third-year junior from Union, N.C. "Probably the best athlete of the O-line group," one scout said. "He's got every tool you look for in a left tackle. He just has to grow into his body. He came in at 255 and he's 300 now. Great kid. Leader of that O-line the last two years. He does play physical. It's just some of the bigger, more stout guys are harder for him to move." Started 19 games at LT before declaring. "Smart, good family, great kid," said another scout. "Needs more bulk but he has the frame to be a 320 guy without any problems." Other teams saw his Wonderlic of 12, lowest among leading tackles, and double-backed on his ability to learn. "He's late off the ball all the time," said a third scout. "You worry about him a little bit mentally."
I wasn't aware he was found guilty in a court of law. Please enlighten me 
nah that's how I would have thought it, so no I can not say that's how he talks lol
well sorry :p
>1 receiver

I count Greg Olsen and Ted Ginn as receivers too. O line was functioning when we got the right group out there at the end of last year, and there are still a lot more rounds in the draft. 
And with the 6th selection, the New York Jets select, Tight end...
Norman's trying really hard to be that guy.
Wow! Cooper!
DE in college, OLB in the pros
Did you see Suzy Kolber ask Danny Shelton about his dead brother?
That wing of thick hair coming off the back of Berman's head is freaking me out.
2 RBs taken in the first half of the first round. 


Looks like Kiper was wrong.
I wouldn't stop laughing for days if they talk about Winston all this time and the Bucs pick Mariota.
I'm way more interested in what happens with the #2 pick than I am with anything the Packers do. 
NO PLEASE DONT LET THE JETS GET WILLIAMS
I switched over because I thought you were joking, but holy shit. I've never seen a score that bad. 
#CowboysLoveCock
Who is Marioto???
Like that pick for the Rams. A great running game can vastly improve your pass game. Never underestimate the play action!
http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34hcbj/as_far_as_the_first_round_goes_who_got_the/
Pretty pivotal moment in his life over which he has no control.
I feel like the Jags would be unprepared, panic, and then miss their pick as well.
Right?

People have been building this draft up like it's gonna be one of the craziest ever, annnnnd nothing...
Going to be Dupree. He's been a target all offseason if he drops. With Peters off and Ray questionable I think they go Dupree
How is he worth 44m?
HOPING TO SEE THE TRADE LOGO FLASH! PLEASE GOD IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
Not our fault hot, rich, white girls are around
Chip no!
that's what my mommy says
Stab Tebow?
You asked a question and I answered it bluntly with the joke you were going for. I don't understand what the problem is. Go to bed, kid. It's getting too late for you.
So this guy at the end of the State Farm family just left his family, right? That's what what he said implied...
good pick for the falcons but can someone make a fucking trade come on
They'd rather be with friends and family than a bunch of loud strangers.
I'm the conductor of that train
Iron on letters between the time the name is called and they get to the stage.
All we need is Andy and 52 receivers.
We don't draft based on biggest need. We don't say "our biggest need is OL so we draft OL." We figure out value and then whatever player is good value AND a need, we take.
Congrats Oakland! Now can you guys get good enough to murder the 49ers already?
Shit.. now I'm happy

That'd be Kendricks + Cox + ?? (maybe Mathis? not def but rumored on trade block)
You don't like Miller at RB?
Seriously that was stupid. Go us!
Oh yea you just watch 
Is there a number larger than infinity?
Agreed Stacy is gone. It will be Gurley and Tre in rotation with Cunningham on the bench
NOTHING COULD STOP THIS KID besides his acl injury 
Probably DGB.
None of you. He sucks, you should just let us take him.
IDK which broadcast your watching but ESPN made a big deal about not having another commercial break until the end of the hour. They listed all the sponsors that "made it possible."
He can't pronounce names 
Damn, no punter still. Maybe #3? 
They got bigger holes to fill. Hyde is good IMO
So, uh...
Plz no Perriman. Panthers plz.
No it's not. Most people had him over Agholar, going from 19-29. It's a good pick that fills a need. 
That's not... you're not... I don't think you really get how opinions work.
Is Joe Thomas' career over? Joe Haden's? Alex Mack's? Quit feeding the anti-Browns circlejerk for upvotes.
Fisher! We need you! Always time for a WR in the next round.
Does the surface actually have 8gb ram? 
I like this pick for them, kudos Browns
He doesn't look happy,
LMAO
Bet you used to run a 4.4 hand timed 40yd too.
Mmm way to bring up his dead brother on arguably the happiest day of his life. A+
hmm, seems really early-2000s-ringtone-ish, couldn't they have picked a better sound?
**BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!**
After 3 it's like minutes between picks. 
Who is the new guy for ESPN? Perhaps I'm being dense af but I dunno if I've ever seen him before 
Philip and Gordon + 8.
Still can
Well if the Steelers don't take Dupree I would be fucking shocked.

Edit: About time someone took him.
Jerruh giggling like a school girl. Can't wait to see this pick
Not sure I like it with what else was available, but if Marvin Lewis has earned anything, it's confidence in his drafting. 
Denver's guard and a couple of later picks
Perriman here
Truer words have never been spoken.
I went 10/32 as well but I guessed the pick before they announced it
Very interesting choice of music being played at the draft right now.
Hmmmmmmmmm. Williams is still gonna be top 10, I think. 
Best player in this draft.
Poor williams must be getting stressed. 
Thank you for making this post exist man. I really appreciate it.
Ohhhhh, the London Werewolves DOES have a really good ring to it.
They want their fans who buy this jersey to melt on one side of the stadium.
Lots of dreads in this draft. 
Steven Jackson began a pretty quiet slow decline after abut 2009 and ended up rushing for like 400 less yards in 2012. Now, that is when the team went to shit as well. What I was going for is we haven't had a combination of a good RB and tools to support them in like 7 years. And when you have consistently mediocre QBs, you are kind of fucked. 
gotta protect those knees
The dude endorsed Rick Santorum , he's not the brightest dude
Awesome, gettem Chicago
*pained sound*
Von Miller will take him under his wing.
From Oregahhn.
Gruden on espn. He actually has insight on my team. Sticking here
Cooper!
Great pick. Athletic freak. 
Thanks!

Malcolm brown is a stud, you guys lucked out for sure. Your division's defensive lineman are unreal.
Stalling
He saw a flag but no whistle, so he knew he could run it out, either the penalty negates most of his run back anyway, he gets extra yards with most people not watching, or it was a penalty on his team so it didn't matter what happened. 
lol No worries. Cheers!
FUCK EVERYTHING 
Yes! suck it Bears.
Looks like Jameis is wearing #3 for Tampa Bay
But when is the last time you had a prospect like Mariota? If you develop him well you will be a force to be reckoned with for the next 15 years
Because "LOL HE SMOKES WEED"
But we still have Troutman penciled in at Right Guard. We need to fix that. 
ITT, people who have no fucking idea what the Redskin's team needs are. 

This is a glorious pick. There's very little chance Scherff makes it beyond pick 10, almost 0%. This means the Redskins had maybe 3-4 teams they could trade with and still get their guy. It's obvious they tried and failed to do so, but why miss out on your teams biggest need just because it's a few picks too early? They already addressed the DLine pretty heavily in free agency, and it isn't a weakness. 

They don't address the horrible RT situation, and RG3 gets injured, all you memeing nerds will be like "LOL WHY U NO DRAFT OFFENSIVE LINE?"

If you're ignorant fine, be ignorant, but stop spamming the thread with your nonsensical bullshit. 
Not sure how I feel about this... No fly zone?
Enough.
Why the fuck is his name spelled "Ereck"?
Yep. At the end of the first paragraph it said "he died of twerking in a Chicago parking lot."
A big bruising back would be nice for our backfield. I hope we get him for cheap if he does get released. I wouldn't give up any picks for him. 
Just Raider things
Broadway
I'm sorry. It's just been so long and...and...I love you!
Lol that is just fantastic
Redskins pick is in. As if they needed time to figure out who the hell they were taking.
doesn't change my opinion and it's fine with me. I'm fine with Brees.
NO NO NO NO NO. Ozzie will be right in the end but I don't like it
Do they want to burn to the ground becuase that's how you burn to the ground. 
Like every summer blockbuster, Chip ruined us with the teasers 
YEAH ANDRUS! I taught him how to play saxophone in high school lol. Congrats buddy
Hoping so. Last year Donald was snatched right before us though, have a feeling the same thing is going to happen. 
Fuck. Guess who just got spookier. 
You mean when the Titans give up on their #2 pick after one year and trade him to Philly?
[Really cool article](http://www.sbnation.com/2015/4/30/8525553/danny-shelton-nfl-draft-2015-samoan) about his Samoan heritage. He also wore one to the proday at UW I believe.
Jax you better take Leonard.
Check his username. 14 seems the right age.
The excitement for Armstead is palpable
Me too bud, me too. I hope to god we pick up some gold in this draft. He was unlikely anyway. 
Bud......from Kentucky.......I'm just gonna take a wild guess and say he is a pot farmer. I've seen every episode of Justified, I am an authority on this.
They are going to trade him for a kings ransom, calling it.
They have marks and alualu as interior dlinemen so they don't really need williams. What they need is a good pass rusher off the edge, and fowler fit the bill perfectly.
Because there was. People always boo the commissioner
4 u
It's 2012....er San Andreas.
VIC BEASTLY LETS GOOOOOO
God, I want Chip to pull some craziness for Mariota, either by trading for the pick or trading after he is picked by the Titans.
They must not like Mett at all, unless they trade Mariota to Philly. I don't really understand it because of all the needs they have. 
Damnit I totally had something for this. Something about being a mile high. Damn
[Rapoport reporting that the Vikings are looking to trade down](https://twitter.com/RapSheet/status/593946180104523777)

EDIT: had that wrong the first time, sorry guys
no spoilers in this thread. official shit only. 
Oh shit!
\#42 confirmed.
LSU does this every year, and they're pretty damning. Has there ever been a player on one of these lists that turned out to be good?
FOWLER FOWLER FOWLER FOWLER PLEEEEEEEEEEEEZ FOWLER NEXT!

If i say the name enough does it become true?
http://www.reddit.com/r/eagles/comments/34h2ig/eagles_are_selecting_wr_nelson_agholor/cqulhyq

From a different thread. I can cherry pick too
I'm Wow-ing like Rapsheet on that one.
Thank you Jets. I appricate you for keeping Leonard out of the NFC NORTH.
I'm happy with this pick, we needed rushers and corners, we're half way there. Glad it wasn't a safety... Also, we have a thing for guys with dreads apparantly.
Huh. Didn't they draft a FS last year? Is HaHa going to play in the box more? Convert Randall to CB?
F A S T P I C K B O Y S
There's a lot in Utah where I live and they tear up football here it's like a direct pipeline from Samoa --> Utah High Schools --> PAC 12 colleges --> NFL
Already better than last year though, I think
Well it does not have that much competition.
Want a clean cut or tear
Keep that AFC East incest going, Jets. You know you want to. 
I hope you're enjoying coach Fisher, Rams fans!
damn bucs drafted both winston and mariota? 
they're low on pitching staff! Chip trade them Cole Hamels!
I think thats the first ad ive ever seen on TV for a youtube channel 
Part of the contract is "you have to wear these when you get drafted"?
"We all know Chip Kelly is hammering them with phone calls." Really? Do we? Do we know that?
Hopefully with the rest of our picks we'll focus on our O-Line. I'm both excited and worried about Gurley.
R.I.P Tom Brady
ITT: redditors probably obnoxiously over weight insulting some dude's teeth. 
Since we practically gave you marshall I mean... you could help us out
Ok then....
Haha I think you've nailed it.
Nah, it got changed right after I posted. At the end of the first paragraph it said "he died of twerking in a Chicago parking lot."
No.

My opinion though.
"there's no way we get him. Stupid mock draft analysts" - Every 49er fan
GETTING IT DONE IN ATL GOOD PICK FOR THE DIRTY DIRTY YEEEEEE
I know most rams fans are gonna be pissed but he really was the best player on the board. Every player we wanted was gone. Devante Parker is really the only guy I would feel good drafting here.
Man this sucks... Only way it could get worse is Gurley goes to the Browns 
Come on Saints. You know you want to draft a QB. Who knows how long Bressus will last?
Except Wilson has stayed healthy and taken us to two Super Bowls. 
I thought he was named after that other Shaq. The one who made the movies.
POOR LEONARD :(
Gotta build the run defense.
Any Saintsbro want to explain what looks like a big reach?
dont fuck this up farmer
anyone have a stream of ESPN?
hey. our draft day laughs come months later when our picks dont pan out
Gregory will likely go in the 20's. Ray probably won't go in the 1st round. Honestly I'm not so sure that Ray would have gone in the 1st even without the drug deal, I just don't think he's that good.
THEY DID!
Shoutout to the NFL Network for bucking the trend of only comparing players if they are the same race. Compared Winston to Matty Ice, Mariota to Kaep and Fowler to Kerrigan. 
Not a jets fan, but this may be the best pick of the draft. 
It's foolproof
PLS Tits take Mariota so we are guaranteed one of our guys.
God dammit Tampa

I should've liked Winston more

Praise be to Brady
Love the way this is setting up for the saints
Chip's chance at Mariato is over though
SPREADSHEETS MUTHFUXA!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was 2 million over what we wanted and he would shore up a very suspect wide receiving core. Id say it could have been worth it
I mean, I don't doubt that thy had those conversations, but that's all they turned out to be.
What with all that Bennet talk
"Screw this"

-Patriots Organization 
Harrison. Richardon. Wilkerson. And Williams(on)
> Scandrick


Welp

E: had to get Carr some help I guess. 
Sebastian Janikowski 17th overall.
Fuck yeah it was. Awesome trade for us.

Especially considering neither us nor KC were likely to pick a RB.
First draft?
http://i.imgur.com/8ItfENb.gif
 [NFL Scouting Report](http://www.nfl.com/draft/2015/profiles/brandon-scherff?id=2552353)
WHAT ARE WE DOING?!?
Who the eff else's jersey is a Titan's fan going to wear? 
I think Round 1 wouldve been done 30 minutes ago..the commercials are ridiculous. 
Can't say I share the sentiment

I hope all the bad things in the world happen to your quarterbacks, and only your quarterbacks. it's only fair after last season. :(
Nice pick! That WR corps is gonna be awesome.
Cmoooon Malcom Brown or Byron Jones
what the fuck were you drinking...rubbing alcohol?
I'm not kidding I will cry if that happens. I've never seen them in the playoffs (started watching in 2003) and I care way to much about football
I have already fallen in love with him. 
OH MY GOD! You're bestie is going to be against you in week 3. Oh my god.
Ok. So what if Tenn wants Bradford, but they are not sure that the player(s) they are targeting will be there when the Eagles pick. So they select Mariota, who they are ok with, but wait to see if the Eagles will blow them away with an offer later - if one of the players they want is available when the Eagles are slated to pick.

Off the mark?
I mean, the man's 33 years old. That's fucking old for a linebacker. I love Thomas Davis with all my heart, but at some point, a team that relies on its front seven for defense has to start planning for the future.
Houston's my #2. I hope they pick someone great with that pick.
Shane Ray. We love LBs with hard-as-fuck childhoods. We need a good nickname for Shane Ray if we get him. Boxcutter Ray or something like that.
TO MIAMI BABY
A trade? For Dadrian Fleeterson?
its a response on what the Houston Rockets media guy did to the Mavericks 
No fucking kidding.
What an awesome guy.
400 yards passing 200 yards rushing not ruled out 
RIP Phins, Bills, and the Socialists.
Wait what? Mack retire?
I've been wanting Landon Collins for the Colts for a while now, but if Malcolm Brown falls to us...hmm. 
Too many Rivers
chip-"were taking mariota"

nfl-"he was drafted 2nd chip"

Chip-"nope that was marioto, you fucked up"
All these teams are gonna look back and wish they drafted Melvin Gordon
> i realize this is the Bears pick thread, so I'm going to run into massive downvotes and hostility just for speaking up around all these Bears fans, 

Or maybe it's because you started off by celebrating this as a "Bears fucking themselves over party" ya fuckin dope
Damn that defense is going to be filthy.
I don't understand why they had to trade, I kind of doubt the Niners or Texans were going to take him
I've never been so nervous. 
I would actually like to see him bent in half
Well.... we didn't pick Parker...
This is your fault Indy. Why did you take another WR when your Defense needs a boost? 
Fuck that
I'm okay with this. Wish we went in a different direction, but there's no way I'm complaining with the weapons we have.
That'd what we all thought this time last year....

But in all honest, I totally agree. Speed at our linebacker position was vital, and we got it. And y'all grabbed a beast too. 

I hate you all still, but I'm excited. 
tha fuck is wrong with you
lol, this freaking guy...

Did Leonard Williams stab someone in the parking lot right before the draft, or something? Damn. Some team is giggling like girls in the war room right now.
shocked they didnt go with centuries
Nor Washington
Beasley to Falcons? At least it leaves Flowers OR Parker to Rams
It's been 1 round. This is not our only draft pick.
Fucking most funny comment of the night.
The 3 young guys we have now to grow with Tannehill is pretty exciting. Hopefully they find a way to keep him on his feet to make proper reads to take advantage of all the potential. Fins up!!

*I should say 4 young guys because I'm just as excited for Lamar millers potential as I am Landry, Stills and Parker. 
he needs a belt
Redskins trading with the Falcons. CALLING IT
Alright, yeah! 
If you muthafuckas let Williams drop to ATL I'm gonna flip shit
DAMMIT LADY DO YOU NOT KNOW WHAT VERTICAL VIDEO IS
The problem is, trade down to get a guard, great we need to replace sims. Then draft a guard. Our other guard is Larry fucking warford.
Which one of those guys are wearing diapers right now
You completely missed my point.
[whispers back]

*He's the really shitty tackle we're paying over a million dollars for. It either this or cut him when we draft an actual tackle.*
I already miss the Jets fans...
Out of interest how Snyderish is Titans ownership?
Haha! I've never heard that. 
One of the few (maybe only) picks the entire ESPN crew agreed on. 
This is the no spoilers thread
WHO THE FUCK IS MARCUS MARIOTO
And somehow we were only mediocre. So glad Cyler is gone.
hahaha YES. and that team throws in their starting running back. Perfect!
As a UW alum, I'm all tingly reading all these comments about our players.
**Another** OL off the board. Fisher/Snead got some 'splainin' to do.
CLEVELAND WHAT ARE YOU DOING
Isn't Alex Mack good?
Just wait til we trade out of the 1st
HERE COMES THE WILD RIDE, KIDDOS!!!
Damn I thought you were joking
So its most likely gonna be Parker for the fins
Denver ==> WEED! Hahahaha. 
 
Every. Time.
Is it?
San Fran losing so much on defense. Declining on Offense. My body is ready.
Slight reach, very strong but needs work.
Wow...a top 10 running back taken!
I would but I don't have that channel plus Gruden is a boss
"Boo" is our oldest and most sacred team cheer.
I meant he overtalks and says 2 or 3 guys who would probably fit or probably not fit, then looks like an idiot when he's wrong. Should take a page from Gruden and be positive all the time about everyone lol
To the surprise of no one...
lol, that jets fan

Did he just say 5th next year?
Are you kidding? This kid has been a liability since he stepped on the field. Good riddance to Mr. Burnt toast!
For what its worth, you got pretty much all of washington backing your pick.
**THE RRRAAAIIIIDDDAAASSSSS**
Wish one of the main pass rushers was still on the board, but the OLine could be so much better this year and I am so excited for that
Leonard Williams reminds me a lot of Vernon Gholston. 
Guys I think Jameis Winston has won some things.
BOOOOOOOOOO!

Also, good luck, Lovie.
A man could dream
And we have WR locked up for some years now, so that gives us plenty of flexibility in future drafts/FA

Haha, no problem. I'm just trying to play catch up.
Not at all - after SSSr - we don't have any legitimate WRs at 1 or 2. Perriman hopefully fills that.

Only other needs that match WR are CB, OL, and maybe DL/OLB.
Im a grown ass kid
There are a lot of center options in the middle rounds. 
Is this the slowest draft ever?
We are all now an accomplice to a murder.
http://awesomegifs.com/wp-content/uploads/indiana-jones-popcorn-reaction-gif.gif
how the hell is Williams falling?????
Who needs run defense when you can get a ton of receivers
Jesus it's like you thought you'd get an extra 2nd rounder if you picked fast enough in the first round.
Him and Trae Waynes are from Kenosha. 
FIRST YOU STEAL SUPER BOWL 43 FROM US

NOW THIS??!
It means we don't have PUSSY linebackers and just a five man defensive line, and we're gonna Oklahoma Drill the shit out of the other team, mano e mano, and we're gonna fuck shit up with Revis, Cromartie, Skrines and Milliner playing coverage mano e mano, and they're gonna fuck shit up, and then we have Pryor running around doing shit and fucking shit up.
Bradford is solid if he can stay upright. I think you ended up with the better QB, honestly. 
Biggest surprise so far.
Absolutely. Dream come true for /r/falcons
It took you over an hour to put that together?
How am I being a detective I'm just hoping they're fake.
Riddicks a solid anchor to this bunch
Dat outfit though. 
The camera man must be on reddit too
PIIIIIIIIIIICK 
Raymond Jameis Stadium from here on.

We're a crab leg city now!
WE LOCKED THAT PICK DOWN YA'LL
Challenge accepted.
Its his theme music. 
Glad we didn't get Peters. Don't want the potential problems. I want either Bud Dupree or Byron Jones at this point. And please no Perriman. 
Mett is our guy. Out front office is so incompetent it's mind boggling. We're cleaning house after this year 
Was he parking cars earlier? 
Really did not know a ton about him before the ESPN special on him, the kid looks solid... definitely a good pick by Denver
It'll at least give us something to talk about in the offseason.
same here buddy
Ballers looks good
Wisconsin is crazy about basketball, the Bucks are just so terrible all the time that no one really cares to watch. When the Badgers made the championship this year it was Packers' level of fandom in the state.
Browns could use a pass rusher. Dupree?
Maybe this Joker level inception about chaos was what Chip wanted all along. Something something shoes. 
Little column A, little column B
Damon Harrison is our NT, very good and underrated
I know right? I come in here and I just don't get some of these comments. 
It's a lava-lava. Part of his culture. He came to work out for us wearing one. I now want one myself.
Does anyone else feel like Goodell gets booed by his own wife during sex?
I'd be fine with it. How could they possibly utilize all of that talent on the Dline or keep it long term? Not to mention they'd be over investing in one personnel group and neglecting a bunch of others.
http://gfycat.com/GorgeousWeepyAsp
Colts are so loaded at WR, this pick makes no sense
I need a GIF of that Saints fan's reaction hahaha
Most underrated first round pick so far.
OH SHIT IT'S GORDON TIME
Trade back to 22 take QB 
The yellow Bucks on the helmet was the icing on the cake. 10/10
I mean, that's yet to be determined. People said that about the Cowboys taking Frederick. 
THE FUCK?
Yeah he looks like a lazy bastige.
18-1
We haven't taken an OL in the first in years so we take a flyer on this guy? Por que why?
I still don't get it. The cable feed is live right? Or is it broadcast on a delay?
Trust me. We are. 
You say that til Delanie walkers all over you.
Why is ESPN so obsessed with someone drafting a RB? 
Yeah, but our team did fall apart last year when we lost Mack to injury. And he only has a year left in his contract. Good call for the Browns. 
So that's what were waiting for
WE'RE NEXT
Remember when this wasn't funny the first time 
I have no idea if that trade was worth it for Denver. Probably wasn't.
They came very close to drafting Byron apparently, and because Byron is a really good prospect.
We have 9,999 more though.
A for effort, C- for execution, F for creativity. Weak chirp. 
We ~~probably~~ will

FTFY
Tomahawk Choppppp
And Brian Hartline, and Brandon Gibson
Ayyyyyy
That is exactly what BB knew you'd think 
Dat white suit.
Haha punt touchback defense as a highlight
One of two guaranteed boos in the draft.
I get what you're saying... But again, he's barely 21. He's already a solid, natural 292 lbs... And who is our new head coach? If anyone can get his motor running, wouldn't it be Tomsula? I agree with everyone there are concerns, but his ceiling is a lot higher than most of the guys left. 

That's what the draft is... It's a fucking gamble. 
I'd say he's got another 3 years before he starts wearing down. Of course, I don't know his health history so maybe I'm being foolish
neffew
That would imply Cutler is worth two rounds *better* than a 1st...
[**@joelklatt**](https://twitter.com/joelklatt/)

> [2015-05-01 02:05 UTC](https://twitter.com/joelklatt/status/593959442128973824)

> Denver @Broncos getting aggressive trying to move up to 19

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Finally, Chip's wild ride begins in the draft. 
they're gonna take williams. jesus 
"I'm a great guy. I'm humble."
Berman poking fun at Goodell. Nice.

Nice pick
It was a joke haha
Why didn't the Colts take Malcom Brown?
Jets: fuck it draft another dlineman
Bc there are definitely no assholes on the Eagles roster right now. Copper is a saint.
I'll warm up to it eventually, but right now I'm disappointed in the pick.
This is now set in stone
Thanks for that, appreciate the input.
*cocks wrist*
I know I just wish Cooper fell. Dumbass Raiders
He went *through* the roundabout... not around it.
He could have a really bad cold that he is trying to hide. No idea.
But what's your safety spot like? I think Shaq could transition well into an SS role
Craziness
I guess we have to start calling the Jets DLine "The Big Bang Theory"
So, Amari Cooper?

Or as Roger would say Amira Copper.
When you draft a top 5 player you do not draft him into your system, you merely draft him and build around him. Whatever you think is "your system" in Tennessee is going to evolve now with Mariota. i mean why not. if you had vick for 5 years and your system was running running running and then got peyton manning in fa, are you going to say he doesn't fit your system or are you going to say yeah we're going to switch to a passing attack offense. you'd make that change in a heartbeat.

as for a late camp trade it's highly unlikely. if there is going to be a trade it'll happen tonight onto tomorrow. if not, GL Chip you did yoru best.
What!
Gonna be Shariff Floyd 5.0
From excitement? That's a great pick for them.
How do you pronounce the second best quarterback's last name wrong?! 
Ebron was a shit pick for sure but at least we had a first rounder last year ;)
And they couldn't be more fucking obvious about it too. That's so fucked up. 
Which convinces me they won't!
Should have traded back further.
I'm a fan of L'Carpetron Dookmarriot myself.
I hear one man could change the world by Big Sean
FUCK EM BUCKY!! badger pride
To Ravens fans:

Perriman does have rough hands, but Justin Holman throws a fucking rocket at UCF. He has absolutely no touch and barely anyone in our great receiving group could handle his lasers.
Ahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Well, y'all fucked up by letting us get the biggest steal/slip of the draft.

I'd like to thank the Bengals and Browns for making this all possible. Thanks AFCNbros
Whats the point of "pick is in"...they make us wait 10 minutes anyway
That's because last year the result was the same as if a fan (Haslam) had drafted. Rounds 2-7 +UFA was really solid. As long as Ray is actually making the calls, we will have solid picks.
Yeah, I mean look how much it hurt Aaron Rodgers to sit on the bench behind Favre. Oh...
Except armstead blows
Do these fuckers forget how bad the Falcons defense is?
Tampa's best team is their cheerleaders.
I hope this is all he does to celebrate.
holy shit!
Everyone is a Jets fan when it comes to Goodell announcing
Jameis Winston is the first QB to have DB's drop potential interceptions.
a guy with 100 tackles in 13 games a suspect tackler. interesting evaluation imo.
Nah we'll probably see a trade here.
NO QB Or WR PLEASE
You can come too. I rooted for the Patriots to kick Seattle's teeth in!
Hopefully this is just the Poe pick all over again
Nobody would call us defensive 
Tough call but easily the biggest need for the Lions and OL were flying off the board
YAY!
Scratch that
Hopefully the new stadium in St. Louis will do the trick. Please not in LA.
So where's the video of the Cowboys fan that still needs to eat his own cum?
BUSTTTTTTTT
First time I've ever seen the Jets' draft party cheering. Wtf?
Hes going to the Pats hes like the perfect player for them. But besides them hes a big body who is a good change up with ellington
http://a.espncdn.com/photo/2013/0121/nfl_lhotsb_mj_03.jpg
My dream situation was Titans passing on Mario, us trading #3 to the Eagles for Cox, #19, and #20, and we pick TG with one of those.
It should be fun to compare Thompson vs Beasley at the end of the season. 
There aren't any great ILBs in this draft, so I don't know where you're getting that. I don't think I've seen anyone attach that word to any LBs in this draft honestly. 
The fuck kind of question is that? "What about your journey?" 
Cowboys brain trust have been so happy and relieved the last few minutes. Glad they got their guy!
LOL, oh man i want to be tagged.
What did the Broncos give up?
Better than Rams choosing Gurley. 
They can change to a 4-3 D and wreck
the night is still young
Solid mayoral abilities
*you had one job!*
"nene"
Good god, how many commercials breaks does the NFLN need to take??? 
He has to be just crushed that not only did he not go to the Raiders but now he has to live on the other side of the country.
God damn it
Gosh I got to find you that article and video it's amazing
Fuckin' pats man. How didn't indy take him?
The "boo" is our oldest and most sacred team cheer
Fuck it. In Grigs I trust. Maybe Collins will drop. 
Noooo. 
Dude didnt look too happy 
Dude that was some serious cringe and terrible interview questions by Suzy Kolber. "You know how this is one of the biggest and happiest moments of your life?... Your brother is dead."
damn great pick up for Tanne. Parker, Jennings, Landry, And Stills? Ohhh Myyyyy.
Can I interest you in a Philip Dorsett?
If I remember correctly, the tiebreaker was their opponents wins vs looses or something along those lines

Edit: it was the strength of the opponents schedule
LA welcomes you Todd Gurley.
"It is to my understanding that there is a trade. 

*Place about to explode with aniticipation wondering is it Eagles, Chargers, Browns!?*

I, Roger Godde-"

**BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
If we take Gurley I will be pissed beyond belief.
If he's there in the 6th Bills plz
I'll laugh so hard if they're dumb enough to take Mariota unless they plan on trading him
Does anyone remember when something like 4-5 teams all made their draft pick days before the draft. Would any fans be pissed off it they went back to that style of draft, instead of having the Draft be an event?
Who is this cat?
That would have been a bad jersey burning 
Nawh, he's good. 
I'm happy about Winston being in Tampa. I'm ready to purchase my Welcome to [Raymond Jameis Stadium](https://www.threadmeup.com/jwais) shirt.
Whoa.
i do too. but we already have matthews, huff, ertz, celek, sproles, murray and mathews. we dont have that sorta depth on D anywhere except LB and going on end of last year, probably dont even have two starting caliber safeties.
Steelers got Bud Dupree 
Surprising absolutely no one.
\>tfw only 4 super bowls
Well, Buccaneers are known for being thieving bastards, after all...
SHAZAAAAAM!
Man Dolphins offense is looking good.
I'll be curious to see if a run on DBs happens. I'm happy with Jones or Agholor at 20. 
[Look how happy Peters is to be a Chief!](http://i.imgur.com/mGlXgGG.png)
I really wanted to get a trade, I thought we could get more value from picks than just from Mariota. But hey maybe they couldn't get a good enough trade
Well can we go on a date first?
But you didnt draft 3 1st for you oline
your name is such a troll
Does Leonard Williams actually need to wear a helmet?
New England 
Marcus Mariano
Redskins have allowed 112 TDs in 2 seasons? Holy smokes batman
Oh man. That link was already purple and I had no idea why. I will now forever remember that moment as the Darling Incredible Allosauraurus pick
I wanted him!
"I still pick Marcus Mariota because FUCK YOU TITANS!!!!!" *runs off stage crying*




/Chip Kelly
Fistin' for Winston
I am so surprised that Baalke went there. Normally it's someone you totally wouldn't expect. 
From oareegone
Leonard Williams shoulder injury must be worse than we all thought.
NO QB TALK IN 4 PICKS IM DYING OVER HERE BOOM
He was the 3rd best player on the Redskins board. When it got to 5 he was the highest on their board. When you draft best available that's how it works. Mel Kiper doesn't determine "best player available".
I cannot wait to see Carr to Cooper. 
I think the Cowboys might have wanted to move up.
The Chargers probably moved up for Melvin or Erving.
Draft Gordon! Draft Josh Gordon!
Nice projection.
Vince is gonna give you guys a lot more than twinkles, he'll be stuffing that line for you on the regular!! Not to mention Air Vince blocking feel goals and just getting everyone pumped!! He's a classy, hard working, TEAMMATE and TEAM LEADER!! Please be good to him and give him some love, Vince deserves it more than most!

*typo for field goals, but I like feel goals better so it stays!
Any natural blonds at the draft? 
4 sacks in 3 years. Does that answer your question?
https://i.imgur.com/VLvyw56.jpg
If either the Cowboys or Lions take Brown, then I'm hoping we take Collins.
We are . This is so retarded. 
Zack Beckem..Betten..Metten...Mettenberger
Dat Camera shake

I agree. I think it will end up like the Bell and Blount tandem for the Steelers last season. 
At least he didn't call him Dante Flowers
They plan on converting him to SS. Harper is...not a strength. He gets the job done, but he's slow. Thompson has the linebacker size and the speed to play great coverage. Other players moved from LB to SS, like Chancellor and Polamalu...seem to have success if they're versatile, which is exactly what Thompson is.

BPA by lots of estimation at that pic. Still deep in the WR talent for round 2, and there were no starting caliber OT's left at our selection. This was a great choice!
I don't like Dallas!
Thank god... 
Sponsored by Coca-Cola.
Yeah but with a still weak o line it won't matter. They need more depth and a new center. Plus, DL and LB are still big needs right now.
Us too
This isn't a crime, this is the government winning
**THE BOOS ONLY MAKE ME STRONGER!!!**
I meant as in the post by the mods
If we get a prospect or two for the online our offense should be solid. VJax and Evans, ASJ, Martin and Sims
Didn't you draft a TE in the first round last year?
**WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING**
Thought this was commercial free
DeVant-bae Parker plz come to the vikes. Dont go to the rams :(
9ers fans gonna rage lol
Agreed
Great minds think alike. I made the exact same comment just below lol
Darn tootin' good.
Smart Pick
Anyone have a clip of his interview. I missed the pick
Mo Lewis, Mo Problems.
Jets did a Gettleman. Worked for us, albeit at lower stakes, with Ealy.
Fuuuuuuck, two really good options have been picked. ):
So I have concluded that Goodell would be the perfect WWE villain.
I got 2. Met and McCourty.
Reminds me of old Oregon QB Jeramiah Masoli cookin' up the defense like they made of ravioli.
HOW COULD YOU NOT TAKE LEONARD WILLIAMS
It let's you know that no trades have happened. 
1 in like 2000 i believe. 
THIS IS THE GREATEST DAY EVER. I DONT EVEN CARE ITS THE LIONS
4 picks after Minnesota. 
What did that guy scream at Goodell?
He means for us. We need O-line like whoa.
How have I not seen this before
Shane Ray seriously fucked up. Whos taking him now?
Oh quit wayneing
eh I think it's a mistake. 
Finally had a chance to get to the thread. My head is very happy about the Beasley pick, it makes sense, hell tear it up. 

But my heart is confused, i would have loved to have Todd and it hurts he's gonna be out in St. Louis 
Yeah, I'm gonna' be honest, my draft boner disappeared pretty quick. I want some drama, dammit. 
No surprise. 
You win some, you lose some. I'll go down with this ship.
I am a Titans fan, and I agree. If you're not sure if you have a good quarterback, then you don't have a quarterback. 
[All those Raider fans in the Dante Fowler thread sooo happy about L Williams to Oakland.](http://i.imgur.com/DGFMBIW.gif)
This is a horrible fit unless the Jets are shopping Richardson or Wilkerson...
Just got The Ticket update/alert of the pick. FUCK! 
Holy shit, I spent literally about 4 hours looking for this video a few weeks ago because the original link I had with it on Vimeo was taken down. 

Thanks man.
Cunningham was used more than Stacy last year. Stacy may be 4th string.
Italian cold cuts
This is a dream come true, imagine how hard someone has to work to have the opportunity to play in the NFL. I'd be ecstatic as hell if I was just drafted to a good team.
[Here you go](http://i.imgur.com/3QkiEFl.png)
Not sure anyone would really make me super happy here. Maybe Andrus Peat is the best case at this point. 
No cry, he dead. 
Piss jugs, man
Cooper to Raiders I bet to help out Carr I bet
Thank you Baltimore!
Ballsy
Jay Leno will play really well for the redskins
Beats 10 games for woman abuse.
remember, no spoilers
Such a Steelers pick
The Falcons have got to be thrilled.
well Williams went a few picks later than he should have... Malcolm Brown almost slipped out of the first round.

so definitely Pats
I still think Peters is better.
Son of bitch, what did they give the niners 
That's a weird way of spelling Marioto
They're gonna be scary next year for sure.
WHAT IS A WOMAN DOING IN THE NYJ DRAFT ROOM. 
Give me leonard
I was promised some shoes
I missed it, what was it?
One *hit* wonder
GOT EM
CONGRATS SKINS 
The Browns' draft pick is wearing a dress. #Browns
Ah should've seen that coming. They wanted a CB for the Peterson trade after all
sorry Redskins =/
UNTIL 9
He just did.
She is ridiculous.
What're the trade details?
Texans fans do you want the WR from Louisville? (forgot the name)?
Hey at least we **Needed** a RB

I'm not sure what's going down with St. Louis though.
Jax loading up the Defense
Whoever the Redskins pick is going to be a damn superstar
"dammit, I'm a fucking Titan"
"The Titans, they did it the old fashion way, like the Bucs, they earned it" -Berman
Don't forget Thelain
> He should be exclusively in the slot now with Waynes coming in. He was really only getting exploited on the outside.

False. "Munnerlyn came into this game as the NFL's worst slot cornerback, allowing a 158.3 opposing quarterback rating."

http://www.si.com/nfl/2014/10/03/packers-rout-vikings-thursday-night-football-christian-ponder

158.3 is a perfect passer rating, Munnerlyn is trash. I hope this pick means we cut him.
#Shaq Attack
"Four"

He's been watching the draft since he was four 
The Jets aren't getting Williams either people.... 3-4 teams won't pick him.
you can't get any better than Jeffery and Marshall
You wanna put another month of gold on the second round?
IDK how to feel about this. He is such a dynamic player, but not a great linebacker. 
Trying to give Carr some weapons
Meh, I couldn't be happier with the Eagles right now.
Damn Jags Showin em how to pick! That pick was in almost instantly! They have to grab Williams at this point! 
Doubtful. That's too many digits. 
Cooper should be fun
Yeah, that was more of a depth reach
I was silly enough to think we needed to throw the first round pick at O Line but then Linsley stepped up.
Seriously that's a fire the GM level move.
So Thomas Davis announcing Thomas Davis 2.0
Does anyone else feel like Kelly is using the Mariota talk as a smokescreen for something even more crazy??
NO, thanks.
Cooper to the Eagles please.
Goodell liked it
Except his ACL

[ ] Rekt

[ ] Not Rekt

[ x ] Tyrannasaurus REkt
What now?
I know, that shit makes me feel really old. 
plz god
A lot of downvotes early actually results in a positive karma boomerang as everybody wants to see wtf happened down at the bottom.
I guess we are sticking with Manziel...
I'm a little torn on it. On one side I like both guys and can't wait to see how they do in the NFL, directly compared to each other, so this seems golden. On the other side I think I'd prefer if they faced each other at least a few weeks in. How much can we really gather from a Week 1 head to head? They're fairly likely to defeat themselves at such an early stage in their careers.
You can always trade next year's first and Okung for him
Boooooooooooo
It scared me
Beasley stay open, Beasley stay open, Beasley stay open. 
It's amazing to hear someone say that after we had the worst secondary in the league just two years ago.
It's Pokemon.
He needs to a) learn the route tree, b) learn how to handle being jammed, c) stop concentration drops, d) stop catching with his body, and e) learn how to catch a deep ball. My issue lies inthe fact we had a very similar player who we couldn't develop, why not change things up? It just feels like a wasted spot.
Those fucking drops... Shit.
Domo arigoto Mr. Marioto.
If Leonord Williams slips to the Falcons I will go the rest of the year without masterbaiting.
>Jammel

>Lazy
You can't rule it out. Goodell loves a good fine. 
Yeah but what if his team leaves San Diego?
NFL NETWORK MASTER RACE!
Bucs with the shocker.
WE STILL HAVE TIME
Pic? 
You mean pick 27?
I'm gonna laugh if the Eagles take Landon Collins because all Eagles fans say it won't happen.
> tra ding down for ex tra pics

*Peyton Manning*
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ls7u70SHtM1qa54sa.gif
I wanted Williams if he was on the board but you can't be mad with us grabbing Cooper
The camera removes ~150lbs
God this is perfect. One more offensive play and we are guaranteed Leonard Williams or Vic Beasley PLEASE.
Everyone on ESPN was repeatedly punted as a baby
His attitude is basically how TO acted. I guess since your team just drafted him anything negative about him you're going to pretend is bullshit so I won't even bother
WOW!!! Unexpected 
Yeah, I'd consider Lavonte a 'star' kinda guy too
OH BOY
Oh man he was even wearing a purple tie hoping for Minnesota
paging /u/edwardfortehands 
I just posted we might get him...
Kinda had no choice really
We didn't make any flashy picks and filled 2 needs (1 that is immediate in Anthony and one going forward in Peat). I don't know much about Peat, but Stanford has consistently been able to dominate on the LOS in the Shaw era. 

As a Clemson student, I have seen all of Anthony's games and can say he has the potential to be a top tier ILB and more importantly at this point IMO can be a team leader on defense like he was at Clemson, more or less quietly doing his job while the players around him (namely Beasley) got the lions share of the recognition.

Tomorrow, I expect them to draft at least two of the following WR/TE, DE/OLB, and QB. 
Ha, I just rewound it. It was.
Damn they got a decent amount for that!
He's not even wearing ankle-length pants. That SCREAMS Hall of Famer.
I'm so glad you posted this so I didn't have to look it up. Makes me laugh every time.
How the fuck do I use this live thread?
Eagles.
With the 4th pick in the 2015 NFL Draft, the Oakland Raiders select Leonard Williams, DE , USC. Oh god please
Damn that's rough 
Please not us...
Ditka knows everything about trading away a draft to move up for 1 player. 
They went for BPA, even though it wasn't a need. And this draft is so deep for WR they can afford to address it later.
Literally they dipped Maclin in carbonit Han Solo style 20 odd years ago, and made a copy of him with the intention of drafting him in 2015. Chip continues to outsmart us all
nfl network should have the best coverage of the NFL draft
that's what she said
Good pick. GODDAMMIT SOMEONE DO SOMETHING STUPID
My god Ray Farmer how could you?!?
"you gotta beat Dalton to win out this division."

Oh no whatever will they do?
they should have drafted kevin white and watch him catch bombs over the patriots shitty CBs. I'm not complaining though. Drafting a poor man's Richardson isn't massively improving their roster.
I'm gonna shit my guts out tomorrow but we got Dupree SO I DONT CARE
How do you think he feels about getting his new pair of Bose headphones?

Because pro scouts are always right. These are the people that are pushing for the Eagles to draft a poor coverage safety despite needing a reliable coverage safety.

If people listened to pro scouts, you wouldn't have gotten Bridgewater last year.
You are in a spoilers thread
They want the traffickers, not the little guys. 35 is a lot to be fair. 
OP level: 4 mana Leeroy
Pat White back to NYJ?
That's his HS sweetheart, "Breezi Boo." She plays basketball for Rice.
Woah Jamies. Man bucs with the shocker to start the draft
Don't do it Ken. Don't you ruin your new toy.
Oh shit, Leonard Williams dropping.
Wasn't this the response from other fanbases when Dallas was drafting o-linemen?
Al's Carr got some new Wheels. 
It's not a spoiler, he literally said a surprise is coming. 
These are sexy. Or it might just be Kaep.
So much for tre mason
Oregon? 
Love seeing a former Husky taken in the first round! Take care of him Dallas! 
I'd love to see the Jets not get their pick in time and start having this draft fly by as teams rush their picks.
Look at all the sad Eagles fans! Lolol
shit, Wilkerson, Richardson, and Williams. that D line is nuts
Anyone who asked if that was legal should unfollow this page.
kendricks, cox, boykin, 2 1sts and a 2nd

How they turned that down is beyond me. They literally have to think this guy is going to be one of the top QBs of all time to turn that down
Gimme my Randall.
Randy Gregory
Yeah I expect Xavier, Grady Jarrett or Michael Bennett in the second, though I could see us waiting until the third to grab DT considering that they seem to be undervalued in this draft currently
yep, this is going as i hoped... just need Reggie to take Cooper.
Not really. Cutler has a cannon arm and White is perfect at going up and getting contested deep throws.
So risky.
Mariota to Rams confirmed. 
SHELTON SMASH
Lets see what the Titans do now.
agreed. williams is the #1 player this draft. you can afford to bust at DE as opposed to QB.
Dupree, Gregory, Flowers and Gurley were my favorite players left and all four could be considered a reach at 9 so I agree with you.
With us not having taken an LB, I hope that this means that Clowney's gonna be back into shape.
1st 4th and 5th
On one hand, this could help Jeffrey out this season.

On the other hand, as a very casual Bears fan that hasn't been following pre draft news, I kinda feel like we should've gone with defense before offense...
Why does these bad teams draft a QB give them three months then kick them to the curbe.
Out of left field....
Tebow Time
She also apparently couldn't say the word American correctly. all America. 
Oh thank God

Let's see how the skins screw this up
Holy fuckballs Milkwaukee got wrecked
Agreed! I think a lot of people complaining about this move and the Marshall move don't realize just how much faster White is and how well-rounded he actually is. 
sold
I'm also begging anyone to hire me right now, but that's because I'm between jobs. :(
WHAT THE FUCK 
I just uhh... Psh... Uhh. Yea
Holy shit Bulls.
eli will now have a half second before getting sacked
Jones looks happy! Really hope we get Landon Collins.
TITANS YOU IDIOTS YOU COULD HAVE GOTTEN A BOATLOAD OF SHIT FOR THAT PICK. WHAT WAS IT AGAIN? BRADFORD, CURRY, COX, KENDRICKS, AND TWO FIRSTS? DIPSHIT IDIOTS. THEN AGAIN, FUCK YOU, YOU HAVE WIZ. WE'RE FINE WITH KEIM AND ARIANS.
They always find a way to get JFF on TV
Dupree at 22,Brown at 32.
Yeah, I wanted some meat or White over Cooper just because he is a bit more of a physical receiver and can be dynamic. Cooper is going to be good too but not the type of WR I would use a 4th overall pick on unless he turns out to be Marvin Harrison.
R.I.P. Andrew Luck
50 bucks says it happens too. 
Doubt anyone would know the answer, but worth a shot anyway: How much do draft tickets cost? I'd guess 200-300 for the seats at the back, but probably several hundred or more for the nicer seats. That's purely a guess though.
So we'll find out who the Browns traded Sammy Watkins for tonight. Justin Gilbert + ? (#19) + ? (#115)
We needed an OL much more than a DE and he was not going to get pass #9, so we had to take him there or not at all.
C'mon Slick Rick, go get Eric Kendricks
Dat run game baby. 
Some might say reach, but this was an amazing safe pick by an already good defense. Watch out NFCS
Roger Godell: "Thank You"

Fans BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!
Don't fuck it up Reggie! 
I got money on the Jets fucking this up.
I really want Parker
Fuck Dallas.
You have a spare safety?
I'd take Flowers over Peat. He's drafted to be a RT initially and he is a physical mauler right now. Beatty isn't a bad LT. Stick him at RT, kick Pugh down RG, and all the sudden the O-line looks not half bad when Shwartz is healthy
What?? For a rookie he looked well above average.
RAIDERS WASTING NO TIME
Sad? No. We're fucking awesome. 
Yes, very good. It is a reference to the poor quality of the infographic.
If teams are tied on record, the team who had the easier strength of schedule is considered a worse team, and will hence draft first
I'm honestly surprised we even offered, I think Chip can make something out of nothing, like what BB has been doing in New England. When's the last time a super bowl winning team paid big bucks to a WR? (Besides Sidney Rice in 2013 because he didn't even really play)
"Guess were gonna be here a while"
I cannot believe they did that shit about "btw this is the greatest moment of your life let's talk about your dead brother". They did it at the nba draft too. Ugh
I just spit my beer. Good one. 
And JPP
Those are some ugly shoes
Super Mariato Brothers!
Reporting false news during the draft is inappropriate for this sub.

As such, you have been banned through the end of the draft.

If you want to discuss your specific ban, please wait until after the round(s) for the day have finished, then [send us a message](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fnfl).
Its been a good 2 years for wide receivers. 
http://imgur.com/r/HighQualityGifs/ssBZhCs

Cam is a regular superman.
Because fuck the NFL
Nah 17 he's gone 
Damn, lofty goal...
3rd string really
Can someone link me a stream please? 
Totally forgot about you guys getting him
My bad 
Last year we went the opposite approach.
You're in the ESPN thread, there's a separate NFLN thread.
Don't get caught up in the lackluster combine numbers, this is an awesome pick. Shaq's a football player, pure and simple. He reminds me a lot of Tyrann Mathieu in a lot of ways; neither tested particularly well but both have great game speed, both have a nose for the ball and rare big play ability from the defensive side, and both came out of college pretty raw but have the football instincts to pick up the pro game very quickly. Great pick as far as value goes. 
lol. Crazy
No... he is 61-58. 

http://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/C/CutlJa00/gamelog/


My girlfriend is a diehard Giants fan and will not talk to me for over a day when the Giants lose. So please Gmen, make this work!
I really like Flowers, feel like they had to grab him here too 
MALCOM BROWN WAS RIGHT THERE! RIGHT THERE!!!
Like they didn't know. 
All hail fishtacoburrito 
mariota looks terrified
Not there, in his AMA he said he grew up a ravens fan, so maybe he wanted that?
If He's running 40 yards, Im getting out the way
Well, the Bears did draft a speedy offensive tackler.
I was a bit surprised by Gurley going at 10 but yeah this is a smooth one
Goddamn what a gorgeous city. Rivalries aside, I fuck with the Chi like no other 
NO SAFETY WILL BE SAFE
"LETS HAVE SOME FUN"
What were his comments just curious?
davechapellecrackhead.jpg

Got anymore of them gifs?
Tall receiver, great at jump balls, big catch radius. A receiver Tannehill hasn't had yet.
This is all happening so fast! I can't believe picks are backing up like this! 
But LT wasn't a position of need and having two guys like this is a tad overkill.
It's really too bad this comment will get buried 
Talking about the chineses
afce is getting really good this year
Oregon will be passive-aggressively mad at the NFL if Mariota doesn't get drafted right now
'NFL Selection Meeting'
Tony Romo's vertebrae would like to thank WAS for an extra 2 years of playing time
Worked out for Chicago.
Gonna guess it had something to do with cap space maybe?
No idea.
Not gonna lie, that is pretty damn hilarious. 
Darkest time line. 
The fact the Titans didn't take that deal is just stupid...and I don't even want Mariota.
fair enough, Its a good program that gives a different look from the usual broadcasts. It is reliable, in that it gives the info needed and helps us cable cutters get the draft info we crave
Well that was a tease. At least there was a trade and we got a 4th and next years 5th I guess...
Anyone have a pick of that hot Indian chick in the Packer gear?!?!?
What's the over/under on how many times we break Reddit THIS year, draftniks?
Looks like it. Not exactly sure what's going on with that.
no cell phones allowed? what is this middle school? 
Used to say that about players going to philly.
Neither have we. 
Is anyone else kind of depressed that this is our last taste of football for months to come? Couple of weeks from now all we're gonna see on SportsCenter is weak ass MLB highlights
Building the greatest Madden team ever.
I actually like this kid a lot.
 lol "2015th nfl draft."

I've made a huge mistake
They can still trade for him
Stay strong slingTv. Stay strong. So far so good. 
Sure, we'll let you trade your first rounder for him. 
"Hey, I took the Raiders to the Super Bowl 7 consecutive years on Madden and won them all. I know what I'm talking about. These dipshit GMs don't have a clue!"
Next RG3 incoming!
Bet he smashed that.
I heard the Texans wanted him.
It somehow snuck into the reddit livestream the mods have going, but it was a racist troll posting it: [Don't say I didn't warn you it was racist.](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34h3am/round_1_pick_21_dorial_greenbeckham_wr_cincinnati/)
RAMS are taking Todd Gurley!!!!!!
For everyone laughing at US for not picking Williams. Here's your big FUCK YOU FROM THE SKINS AHAHHAHAHHAHAHAH!!!! 
Did not expect this at all. I thought Mason was solid enough to roll with as the starter. Foles handing off to Mason *and* Gurley is fucking terrifying.
Exactly. Cutler may not have been the biggest problem in Chicago, but he wasn't helping matters either. They got behind very quickly because the offense often stalled out for the first half and Cutler turned the ball over a metric fuckton. Considering all the talent he's been surrounded with on offense, it was absolutely unacceptable. 
FUCK DUDE STOP 
DGB. For reasons you stated in the title.
[The real twist](http://40.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_li8i9nJ0U01qzz6jfo1_500.jpg)
solid pick and good surprise 
Holy shit Boomer killed it with that one
I really hope this pick doesn't pan out for you guys. Potential to be awful for us, but real bust potential in my (un)humble opinion.
You shut your dirty mouth
Shitty. Chip works out his last two years and then goes to coach the titans. It's been the plan all along.
Im just saysing, if there is nothing better behind Carson than what we saw last year, you wont be sniffing 11-5 if Palmer goes out early.
Scott made the pick not Snyder
If they wanted to troll, they would have picked another defensive lineman.
There is more media at Jameis' house than in Chicago
Well the problem, without getting into politics, is that a two party system monopolizes the view points and issues that can get tackled. Factor in the necessity to be extremely conservative on order to get the tea party votes you need to get the republican nomination and fairly left to get the democratic nomination there really isn't any place for a seriously moderate candidate, which most of America would enjoy. 
I still say Tebow should run the "option screen" as a TE. Chuck that shit to him behind the line of scrimmage and let him either run it or throw it downfield depending on the look.
Rams need to trade back
Ya'll think we'll make a move for AP?
Same here, he was a monster and he will be missed.
Well, Kevin White will probably take a couple years to get as good as BMarsh was with the bears..... :/

He's gonna be tough to cover.
Glad ESPN could find that footage from garbage time to show how lazy Vic is... Guy has been high motor, high effort, since he got to Clemson at EVERY position he was asked to play.

Great fit for Quinn. And finally I get to cheer for a Clemson superstar in a Falcons uniform
I think the free stream on NFL.com is like a knock-off version, or at least it was last year. Rather than Rich Eisen etc you get a couple of their fantasy guys / B team going over it all.

I think you need Gamepass to get the "proper" version.
I'll trust Ted... whatever this pick doesn't bring he'll more than make up for it in Rounds 4 and 5.
Tastes salty 
I know right... look at him now with his "meh" passing QB and stone hands.
Leo? Please, you walk around like a goddamn Capricorn.
I'm taking my son to Avengers.
WOP!
Smoke break.
Damn, the Jags chose fast. 
he was my pick but i bet the redskins couldn't find a trade partner
When Da Faq did the Cowboys start drafting well. What happened to the muahaha Jerruh sucks bus. I WANT IT BACK. 
Idk, Shaq Thompson does not impress me physically.
Lol. Good pick skins. 
YEAH!!!!
Thoughts Bears fans? I'm seeing mixed reactions
Filling the Johnson void
Thank goodness he didn't fall to the Bears
Thought it would be Dupree for sure
Don't get me wrong, I like the guy but at 5? Why!?
Now the Jets don't need a DE. If the Bears end up getting Williams for free I'm gonna burn this motherfucker down.
Elway saw his citation for possession and wanted that kind of guy in Denver.
Looking forward to seeing Danny play against us in Seattle!
Because we are the fucking worst. 
I wanted Zac Stacy to be our guy. I loved how he popped up out of nowhere as undrafted free agent during the 2013 season. I want what's best for him, but I want him. This break up will be hard.
Goddamnit Goodell, how do you mispronounce someone's name? You knew he was gonna be drafted first day. 
False, Geno is the future. Now and forever

......./s
Twitter.
WHAT!?!?!?!


"Blessed" drink
Not was, is. 
heheh end of Jets GM press conference: "Oh I don't know if we're gonna go back up in the first round so you guys should stick around haha"
Ha ha
It's hard to think of people from Wisconsin as anything but football fans.
Woo
I liked him too, but I didn't have him as high because no one else did, haha.

Hope he pans out!!
Fantastip
Sighs
Well. Guess we'll stick with Gay and Blake and go the 'What's a secondary?' route. 
He is a biiiggg boy...
He'll be fine. 

Solder and Vollmer. 
FUUUUCKKKKK HE COULDVE FALLEN TO US
This commercial is stupid now that Gurley and Gordon went in the 1st.
Lol he's just realizing now that he wasn't going to be a starter?
Ah fuck, we should've listened to you instead of pro scouts that have been saying he's a lock as the best CB in the draft and deserving of a top 20 pick
What's wrong with that? Price to pay to trade up is ridiculous sometimes. 
injuries in last 2 seasons 0 nfl wins. ELITE PROSPECT. 
NO STOP TAKING OFFENSIVE LINEMEN
I'm back from the future. Titans took Mariota.
BYRON JONES OR MARCUS PETERS PLEASE OR TRADE DOWN
Apparently this is the first time the NFL commissioner has ever heard of Marcus Mariota. 
This set is stupid, they have to walk down stairs?
Pouty face McPoutersons
respect
They were booing the Jets' pick, i think
Before this gets deleted I just got give you my important insight!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I find him very overrated
tt - hey god, it's me again

jesus - gods busy man, whats up

tt - well jesus, my all holy negro, could you kill marcus mariota

jesus - no, and don't call me that either

tt - look, jesus, hombre, i'm about to kneel in front of the whole world after i score a touchdown to show the world how badass you are

jesus - don't do that

god - oh timmy. i heard your prayers about killing mariota but jesus is being a big baby about killing ever since the new testemant bullshit. how about if i have the eagles make a fucking huge offer to tenessee but then make them turn it down to draft mariota so i can have you kneel after you score touchdowns to show the world how badass i am

tt - it's jesus whos the badass

jesus - fuck you both
Bandersnatch Cumberbund. 

(am I doing this right?) 
Typical Lions...

Malcom Brown right there....


Yeah that coach sounds like a dick... to vindictively try to damage several players' careers like that as some kind of punishment? This is their future livelihood we're talking about and they are playing for you *for free*. If I was a recruit and saw that I would go somewhere else.
Woooo WE HAVE GUARDS!!!
Cause they were hoping to fall a little lower to good teams.
Damn I wonder if the jets will be able to get cooper now. That be fucking awesome (second team)
Glass houses man. Glass houses
He got hooked up
Who do you think here Chiefs fans? Perriman or Erving? Maybe Aglohor
Disrespect is what it is. Now where's that treasure the Buccs are looking for?
Jordan Phillips's position coach at OU is now the DL coach for Green Bay. I wonder if they go there.
we actually didn't
There's more where that came from, thankfully.
OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH! The tears in DC right now.
Is verizon making anyone else hate xylophones?
anyone have the nfl network stream?
ITT: everyone's first round picks.
This guy gets it. Breshad's gonna be awesome with Flacco in Baltimore. I'm a fan of his so I'm pumped!
They should have done gold jerseys, with red and white stripes on the sleeves, collar and waistband, and white numbers outlined in red. Y'know, like a [certain popular jacket](http://i.imgur.com/Ytf3H7m.jpg?1).
add http://
Holy fuck -- did Leonard Williams kill someone or something? 
My Dad was a Jets fan, so I have a slight soft spot for them...so good pick.
I don't know what i want for ~~you~~ me either.
Then hotbox it.
I WANTED PETERS MORE THAN ANYTHING BUT NELSON IS COOL
This shit is boring yo.... Wheres the chip train!?
And I fully expect him to, I just think that was really early for a 2nd-3rd round pick
Damn Gurley in the Top 10. There goes my dreams of a Patriots Gurley.
He's not that bad of a tackler 
1000 monkeys on sewing machines. Eventually one of them sews the right name.
Rip it off, my man
They seriously gonna use the whole 10 minutes..
Holy shit, an actual defensive back. I've wanted one of these since 2010.
Dupree is going to be sick in Pitt.
That dude can ball. His YAC is impressive
Ah, right. That makes sense.


And I knew he's from Florida, but now I'm just realizing why Lil Duval is a Jags fan.
We traded out of 32 -.-
pretty sure thats his brother, dude was shot and killed in front of Danny 
He won't stay a Titan. That I'm confident in.

SO EAGLES DO THE THING
Wow. I mean. Damn. Rams fans good or bad?
Fine, fine. I still thought it was notable. Didn't think it was -5 worthy
Not at first
I would've liked him in the 2nd, we need a safety. You guys on the other hand, don't. Maybe he'll be a corner?
What did he do?
More, really. Donald was at a position of semi-need and he wasn't really that bad with us when he actually was healthy. Even if this kid is amazing I can't imagine him being better than a 4th or 5th option in our offense
Tampa Bay's pick overshadowed by 10 mins of Jeremy Renner chat.
From a die hard UW fan I hope Danny wrecks the AFCN. The Browns got a good one 
tagged

start rippin
The Bills haven't even picked yet
Because they're idiots and/or illiterate. 
Terrible pick.
There's rumors of mental instability. Potentially anxiety disorders or something similar.
I got my first bold pick!!! Jets don't boo their pick!

Edit: proof: http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/347o62/the_official_bold_predictions_thread_2015_nfl/cqs1jzt

I don't care how off the rest were this means the most to me
Apparently the "o" in Mariota is long. I've been pronouncing it wrong this whole time.
Werewolves of London?
Cornerback: **Darrelle Revis, Antonio Cromartie, Dee Milliner**, Buster Skrine

Safety: **Calvin Pryor SS**, Marcus Gilchrist FS

Linebacker: David Harris ILB, Demario Davis ILB, **Calvin Pace OLB, Quinton Coples OLB**

Defensive Line: **Muhammed Wilkerson DT/DE, Sheldon Richardson DT/DE**, Damon Harrison DT, **Leonard Williams DT**.

Added **BOLD** denoting first round draft picks.
edit: Forgot Sweet Dee.
Hurry the fuck up Bucs! We all know who you're picking so just do it!
I want Randy Gregory with the 1st pick of the 2nd round!
WHAT A SURPRISE... *not*
You didn't have to kill him over two pizzas.
GIMME GREGORY PLS 
http://i.imgur.com/A2jQ9.gif
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
(Let's go Bucks! Game 6 tonight!)

Edit: I just checked the score. It's halftime CHI 65 - 33 MKE. Milwaukee sports make me sad.

Edit2: Now 81-38 :(

Edit3: Brewers sweep the Cubs? Please?
FUCK FUCKKKKKK.

I really wanted Vic. Our LB corps is a disgrace.
How does Goodell look so awkward and uncomfortable with public speaking? He does this all the time and just sounds so out of place.
Chip Kelly took them all
I actually like this. Rams have some great talent. 
What if he flops and Mettenberger turns out to be a pro-bowler? It works both ways.
He's better than Raiola at least. 
I find it funny that the "little brother" teams in NYC all end in "ets."
 
Mets 
Jets 
Nets 


*AJ Klein
Would have rather had Cooper. It's in Gus Bradley's hands now. If he can get Fowler to adjust his game, I'm sure this will look like a great pick. But I don't know if I trust that to happen quite yet.
Bad pick. He sucks IMO.
As a Sconnie that has visited San Diego, I can confirm that your city is pretty awesome. If I moved to California, I'd choose to live in San Diego.
YESSSSS. You CANT go wrong here!! AC/DC!!!!!!
[um..] (http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/762/095/77c.jpg)
I could definitely see it.
Ronnie doesn't for us...
Go Broncos
Titans GM Phone: 52 unread messages from Chip Kelly 
I'll come up with a new one next year
was just thinking the same thing
There are a shitton of Jets fans. 
Raiders need to get Williams now
[**@Jaboowins**](https://twitter.com/Jaboowins):
>[2015-05-01 03:35:21 UTC](https://twitter.com/Jaboowins/status/593982011519463424)

>Thanks Capt for the crab legs [*instagram.com*](https://instagram.com/p/2H9nElhMWL/) [^[Imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/hSnvrGu.jpg)

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=http://reddit.com/34hcsu%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

Is he big enough to actually play DE in the nfl or will he be another shift to LB?
No no no, he's gonna be put on the exempt list pending review of Goodell's hurt feelings.
Arik Armstead has announced his retirement.
RIP 
Absolutely. Myra Kraft was a big no domestic violence person, and Robert Kraft seems to honor that since her passing.
If you've never watched the draft before... its not very fast paced. 
Now that the obvious is out of the way, the real show starts.
What the fuck. How do the Niners always get so much from their trades?
Mavk will probably leave after this year and he'll come in at C. 
You know how when you'd get something new you always polished it or set it down properly? Ken seems like the kid that would throw his new stuff around and just say he can get a new one when he wants.
Should we tell him?
There are plenty of quality NFL players who had mediocre stats in college. He was drafted because of his immense upside. I don't understand why everyone hates this pick.
wow

WITH THE 5TH PICK, THE WASHINGTON REDSKINS TAKE BRYCE PETTY QB BAYLOR.
Is Dez even on the Cowboys right now

Love the downvotes, Cowboys fans, but it would be helpful if you could respond to some of my legitimate questions such as: how is he on your team when he hasnt signed a contract?
Does he lack technique? Is he to slow for a first rounder?
Oh god one of my least favorite modern day wrestling things. The get to the outside commercial spot
Not a great day for the Bay
You can trade Wilkerson now.
Okay but that still doesn't mean he has good size. 6 ft tall isn't good size. Doesn't mean e can't use what he has and get jump balls. But still. 
Shelton certainly isn't familiar with salad, that's a big mother fucker 
Mmmm.... Fanta
Who do the Steelers want now that Marcus Peters is off the board?
I think he comes back this year..so I guess that means he'll get shut down 4 times a year. Poor guy.
Fuckity fuck fuck fuck. Peterson is gone. Unlike Rick to not trade back for more picks.
LOL COLTS
I always watch all of the first round.
I didn't even have a clue how it would be pronounced.
The skirt and the commish lift. I like him...
Better than plundering *my* booty. 

/notthattheresanythingwrongwiththat
They're drafting a QB BOOK IT
the bucs are officially on the clock!!!
My texts to my family have been "I'm ambivalent about this pick" so I'm not sure how to feel either. 
He's a happy man. Good for him
Truthfully, I think a lot of it has to do with Williams going to USC (california), is a beast at his position, grew up a Raiders fan and REALLY REALLY wanted to play for us. It's not often we have people who are really good that want to play for us legitimately. I know Woodson came back, but most guys that are worth anything come here because of the money. 
Chip Kelly is crying right now
I'm calling it now, the eagles will trade for Mariota
Berman is terrrrrible.
Tom Brady needs to eat lots more avocado ice cream if he wants to stay away from that D-Line.
Just curious how are yall finding out early?
But not at 19 is what he's referring to
Come on Miami, take Gordon, not Parker or Dupree
Jake long was a smart pick. He just didn't stay healthy enough to work out.
Wait, wtf happened to commercial free?
Mack and Williams?


Holy shit what a tandem.
Fish won't let him compete
We have plenty of tacklers in the back we need some picks. 
This makes me a lot angrier than it should...
Lol 
Pats aren't trading down and are drafting Malcom Brown 
Chip will not stop until the whole team is either QB's and TE's, or comprised of former QB's and TE's.
You'd think that it'd get stale and immature-ish after what, 6 years? Nope, still going strong
Probably. Just like there's probably a good reason they were on "the list" in the first place, but this was from their strength & conditioning coach - not their official coaching staff. Tommy Moffitt is good at what he does, but I'm sure the HC had a real long talk with him after he flew his shit list in front of NFL scouts.

In the two years since he pulled that shit, he's never talked about it and never tried it again. I think that says all you need to know about how official "the list" was.
Boom
In the 1st round, I mean.
I missed it what did he say?
fucking steal right there
He's not the surest tackler, but is aggressive for his size and regarded as the best coverage safety in the draft. Easy to see him at nickel CB with Hayward or Hyde moving outside.

I like this pick better than Byron Jones. Interested to see where Kendricks goes now that Anthony went off the board at 31.
You shouldn't. Your defensive needs at other positions seem to be much higher. 
Same, brother. Oh well, I guess.
He should have no problems living in Colorado. Light it up my friend. 
Someone should boo him 
Have a good time bro
Wtf is this guy talking about lmao calm down dude
I forgot those two are still available. Wouldn't be opposed to either one.
At least we don't have to listen to "You can tell everybody, yeah you can tell everybody. I'm the man, I'm the man, I'm the maaaan." again for every commercial break.
Whoa what a pick! Best CB in the draft if his attitude stays in check the Chiefs got a stud.
Rog grades based on penmanship.
COOOOOOOOOOOOPER!!!!
Rams: Trade away ACL QB, Draft ACL RB...
It looks shopped. The Jags never have that many people in the stadium
Gotta be Devante Parker or Danny Shelton, no?
You're a team captain. You're a Pro Bowl kicker who's been with the team for about 10 years, and your opinion during a heated locker moment is dismissed on the grounds that "You just kick the ball." You don't call out one of the leaders of your team (Robbie Gould) in the locker room because you think his position is insignificant. Challenging people to fights on Twitter was just one piece of the puzzle. He also insisted on flying to New York once a week throughout the season. He's a "me" guy. ...with age, cap, and hands issues to boot. 
I miss you already Todd :(
So still sploosh I guess. 
Go to myfreecams.com . You can see that now, just the chicks are way hotter than Jameis.
The jets pick leonard and the fans will boo
I'm hoping for Kendricks.
Welp... 
I was not expecting that. I thought the Colts were deep at WR.
Yah still a lot of rebuilding to do in order to fit the new system. Probably grab at least one or two more big bodied interior lineman in this draft. Still some leftovers of the shanahan line that need to be replaced. 
Neat.
What bugs me is the same guys that reported that he offered all those players are gonna write that he didn't and act like they aren't assholes. 
Jesus Christ, have at least a little bit of faith. You can easily transition between saftey and corner if you have the right skill set. He is apparently a really good cover guy and that is part of what it would take to make that transition.
SCHERFF ALREADY LOOKS LIKE A HOG!!!!!! WELCOME TO THE TEAM!!!!!
...maybe 
Well that's done. *changes channel*
"St Louis hasn't had a back they could feature since Erik Dickerson or Jerome Bettis"

Uhhhh...try Marshall Faulk?
Can we get a gif of the bucs mascot with the sword penis? 
Dude what are you using, a desktop computer? Bring your phone/laptop with you.

Eagles fans.
http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34gjek/2015_nfl_draft_nfl_network_no_spoilers/
I figure he will have a high football IQ
Phillip Dorsett?
It was just a question man. 
Gettin' crunk on that Vitamin C, son!
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU KIDING
STOP TAKING OUR PICKS
I get that, an no it is not our main run formation. Are we watching the same team?
ahhh sorry lol i feel stupid for forgetting he sampled that one
did we just have a Brett Favor moment?
how was that illegal?
Why were they booing?
I'm a small white girl - I think I'm good when dealing with police.
Just curious, who will he replace (if he replaces anyone)?
Banking on Andrew Luck and a prayer.

Not that banking on Andrew Luck is necessarily wrong :|
Every time Pats draft a DL in the 1st they win the Superbowl. 2001 (Seymour), 2003 (Warren), 2004 (Wilfork), 2014 (Easley)
This is the pick.. this is the excitement right here Pick Number two
Is Brady gonna survive this year?
YES WTF
Wat, you don't "uproot" a fucking -9 month old. 


Still this guy is a machine. 
steal for Pitt
The fact that Waynes is the top CB says more about this CB class than it does about Waynes.
lol love how your pick is the exact opposite scenario to this comment.
Zach Stacy just said he wants to be released by the Rams or traded since we drafted Gurley 10th overall. It just shows that he understands what a high first round pick means to his value. Mettenberger has zero chance to start this season for you guys. Whisenhunt already said he plans on starting Mariota. Why wouldn't Mettenberger want to go to a team where he at least has a chance to compete?
Is the shoe about to drop??
Todd Gurley and Tre Mason are on the same team. Dear God.
H
Talking about pot is evil, asking people about their dead siblings is investigative media coverage.
> They take Perriman in my mind

After taking Latimer, and signing Manny Sanders last year?
You're with me, leather.
Looks like a taller Bruno Mars 
Kevin white, you heard it here first
Yeah, let's lump Mariota and Winston in with Bradford and Tebow.
DGB Lol
DRAFT ALL THE RECEIVERS!!!!
LMAO That cheerleader "I agree completely. Great pick"
Enjoy your doughnuts. 
Tennessee holds the balls of the entire league right now. I love hyperboles. 
Then trade him to whomever gets Mariota
Fowler??
Seriously. Manny Ramirez and two 5ths. That was amazing.
It needs to be Vic Beasley
yes 
You have been invited to John Maddens Commentating Academy
damage control of Kendricks, Bradford, etc being annoyed, pissed, etc for being used as trade bait. 

If players don't trust a coach they won't play for him. Ive seen that first hand
WAT
~~I'd love that.~~

Well fuck. 
Holy shit Chris Berman is super, super annoying.

Him and Kiper are like the gates of hell.
cringe
lol. 
Damn I think this is a good pick but holy pumpkin shit I didn't see that coming.
Leave it to a Pats fan to find a way to get Tommy's name in this thread.
I've clearly missed something here, why is this a coup to Brady?
Gruden forgetting entirely about Steven Jackson?
Curveball
>This isn't as fun to watch without Manziel's *punchable* face!

FTFHer
BOOOOOOOOO GOODELLLLLLLLLLLLL
Rams trade rape inbound
Sure he was decent, but he was simply not a first round caliber LT from what he showed last season. His best position is definitely at C for now.
LEONARD WILLIAMS ALONGSIDE MACK, ODEAR.
There's another chapter completely. The narrator basically describes being in a mental health place and describes all of the nurses as angels, and has a conversation with "God" who is a doctor. i have the book next to me, so I'll type up the end real quick

I met god across his long walnut desk with his diplomas hanging on the walk behind him, and God asks me, "Why?"

Why did I cause so much pain?

Didn't i realize that each of us is a sacred, unique snowflake of special unique specialness? 

Can't i see how we're all manifestations of love? 

I look at God behind his desk, taking notes on a pad, but God's got this all wrong.

We are not special.

We are not crap or trash, either.

We jsut are.

We just are, and what happens just happens.

And God says, "No, that's not right."

Yeah. Well. Whatever. You can't teach god anything.

That's the gist of it it. There's another page after that, where it alludes to one of the nurses being involved in project mayhem and calls him Mr. Durden. But the part i wrote is the fun nihilistic part.

It's a little edgy, but it's a fun read. The book is full of a lot more of that stuff than the movie, if you're into it
Marcus LARIOTOOOOOOOO
Its called Doublespeak
RBs have no power in this league.
WE COULD'VE HAD IT ALL, CHIP.
Drew Brees at 35 had a better season than Matt Ryan ever had.

Ryan's most yards 4719. Brees last season 4952

Ryan's most TDs 32. Brees last season 33

Ryan's highest completion % 68.6, Brees last season 69.2.
Welp. There goes the 1 surefire NFL center 
All 0 of these trades thus far...
Thank goodness. Really didn't want him (I don't trust him to stay healthy), plus Dallas really needs to add more on the defense. We can get a good RB later.
He'll be a more athletic Kam Chancellor. Great pick by the Panthers.
Nah. both drafted from home
What. the. fuck. is happening.
We gotta be reading back no way we take this long to pick! 
This guy wins best dressed
Same. I'm so sick of hearing about him that even if Chip gets him, I'm going to kind of hate him.
Saints just put their pick in
We have Dysert and The Lobster. We're fine with QBs.
Dammit I wanted him on the Saints
See who calls 
I think you mean Steve Mariocco
Anybody else watching this on the XBone NFL app? Not gonna lie, this shit is pretty slick.
Ok! So... now what? Byron Jones?
But we have Tebow
This is hilarious but I have no idea what its from.
I can't say I agree with the pick, but it's definitely the second one I would have made. I think we'll be able to look back on this and smile though at some point, although you have to feel terrible for Williams. 
How rood.
Wait it out for trade offers
man texas a&m really churns out some great tackles
So happy right now!

Beasley to the falcons? 
It's his final form!
Not sure if sarcasm or not but everybody hates his punk ass
01100101011100100110100101100011 Williams is still on the board.
Yes. I will scream if Grigs goes OL or RB in the first round. Unless it's Gurley....maybe. We need big, nasty beef on the DL and at LB. 
was'nt carolina a top 3 deffense last year. why not get a tackle or wr
Damn, just looked it up. I'd completely forgotten how good a draft that was for OL. Shame Jax took Joeckel. 
David DeCastro is hardly a bum
Hey come on man don't try and help them
Fuck you, Goodell
In sorry but I can't not laugh reading that shit it's so strange.
the patriots have scored 15 rushing touchdowns in the last 4 games against the colts.

that's how you can go wrong.

Easy killer
MG3 is going to love LA.
holy shit no williams!
I was like "who's that" then Goodell said "linebacker" and I was like "oh okay good"
Just crazier. If thats possible. 
no but he's gone from late first round to probably 6th or 7th
Cutler has some WEAPONS...kinda like last year.
The BOOOOOOOOOOOOs are really lacking
Rofl
Aaaaannd he's gone

[Reference](http://imgur.com/HjCg3pY.jpg)
Maybe the Browns will trade up for the 22nd pick and take Petty. 
It happened in 2013. The year the Boys drafted Frederick at the end of the first. He was the 9th OLmen taken. That was another aspect everyone ignored with stupidly calling it a reach or bad pick. That first round had the most OLmen ever taken. 
Cool.
Shit.
He's as strong a strong safety as you can get. Dude loves playing near the LoS. 
My stream is so behind... Goodell just announced Fowler
In the muthafucking butt!
What you don't want 5 different threads announcing one drafted player? 
lol.
Except the Texans. But they're like our little brothers so they're cool. 
I hope Williams enjoyed college, because his next four years are going to suck.

At least he doesn't have to endure the scrutiny of Tampa or Jacksonville.
Can't believe I just up voted a Broncos fan. Well played!
Do you want to have to defend against this passing offense?
gopro it please?
My last guess for the night is Malcolm Brown. 
He looks bummed
HAHAHAHA
#KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!
He can honestly be special.

He has all the tools.
his mental issues were a bigger problem than his physical ability 
So simple...now I feel dumb.
He'll be franchised next year.
Kevin White's signing bonus is going straight to getting his teeth fixed.
HURHUR
I watched a shit ton of Jordan. But these aren't the Jordan Bulls. These are the baby back bitch Gasol Bulls. Gasoline is worse than Ginobli.
Gif of mildly satisfied saints fan please 
Yeah. We just hope they're always prime time games.
Is it just me, or do the Raiders have no idea what they're doing in the NFL Draft? Ever...
Great pick! Our franchise is on the way up!

#THREE #WINS #FOREVER.
I think it was more that we knew he would never be a fit in our scheme so we don't think he's a bad player, just a bad player for us.
well, it is the jags...
Lol But do I hate black people?
1 out of 1000 guys
I think you can't call 4th rounders or below busts, really. WRs just aren't blue chip draft picks the way the annual OT from Iowa is, ever. And Clayton/Taylor are legit bad picks, but also had bad QB play and mediocre (?) offensive coaching. In the Harbaugh/Flacco era the team has been much better at drafting (and otherwise staffing) the WR position. I mean, no coincidence that a lot of the post-08 guys look more competent on average with Flacco throwing to them. But it also seems like on one hand the organization is better at evaluating the position and also is more conservative about doing it through the draft, preferring to bring in proven veterans like Boldin or Smith if they can. David Reed and Tandon Doss didn't turn out to be solid pros but they also weren't useless. (JK, Reed was totally useless.)
I'm just imagining that there's an Italian football player that declared for the draft named Marcus Mariatto.
Sighs uncontrollably 
[edwardfortehands watching the pick come in.](http://gfycat.com/DependentDarlingIzuthrush)
THE SHOE CAN STILL DROP
BRYCE PETTY TIME, BAYBEE.
MOTHER. FUCKER. GOD FUCKING DAMN IT.

YOU HAD ONE JOB RAIDERS.
Shane Ray in Colorado!? Oh lord..
Trade time?
He's asking about how big the difference in pay is between a first round and say a fifth or sixth round player. There is a clear answer to that, and it's about 5 million or so. 
With the 28th pick, not the 18th.
Cant believe we didnt go with Brown.

So was this because BJ is a better player than MB or because we need a CB more than we need a DT?
"Have you ever looked at your hand, I mean really looked at it?"
Now that I'm adjusting to us keeping Mariota, pretty damn good I'd say.
Yikes
You guys have been here the last 10 years. It's been done
severe anxiety and depression? where did you hear that? 
Cept we play you not at your home so our usually squishing the fish chances have dropped.
Why? He's a really cool guy.
Good pick, they desperately need the line.
Thank you Jets, for not letting him slip to Chicago.
Holy fuck. I wont need pornhub tonight.
And yet...they did that
I'm assuming you're sarcasming hard like me.
Girl behind Mariota's shoulder too. Someone needs to compile hot girlfriends of the draft. 

We'll take him!
There was that many trades the last three years? Dang, that seems NBA level amount of trading, I didn't realize.
Nelson "Not Aguilar" Agholor.
Schefter tweeted a Rams "surprise" is next
Rich Eisen: Guys named Vinny drove their IROC. 
Haha holy shit, that's hilarious
Eh the raiders would've taken white so I'd say it's only partly a raiders type pick.
Yes. You select the best player available.
Thank God. They took a guard with the 5th pick
> No. Yes

Chargers win!
Ray Lewis, would you like to comment on this?
that's surprisingly close enough.
Jets definitely trading down, right?
Who is "God's QB " in this draft?
BLINDSIDED
Yep pure Bowels lol.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/B7MUEhpCMAA0LMU.jpg
Leo for sure
Yep, I'm really surprised how far the defensive talent is dropping this year. 
Just when you thought intro songs couldn't get weirder
Alright Williams or Cooper? Raiders have a huge decision
2nd overall pick. He doesn't stand a chance to start simply because of hype - it really doesn't matter if he's better than Mariota. Mariota would start over half the QB's in the league right now simply because he's the 2nd overall pick.
Turn it off?
HAHAHA GREAT WAY TO CELEBRATE YOUR FIRST FIRST ROUND PICK
Yeah I'm waiting for it to happen, I feel like it will. Should be interesting 
That seems like a reach. Haven't people been saying the O linemen this draft aren't very good?
Of course ESPN goes to commercial with the Dolphins on the clock
I clicked this comment on my phone way too many times before I realized there wasn't a guy with the username /r/patriots.

I'm drunk 
Have they always booed the commissioner? Or just Goodell? 
Why is this a tradition?
The only player off the board that he had behind the 9th pick is Vic Beasley at 13 I believe. Essentially the same selection was available.

So unless he's that high on Dupree to call the Giants picking Flowers instead a "reach", the dude just has no fucking clue what he's talking about in regards to his own mock drafts.
[Oh shit. Here we go.](http://i.imgur.com/WK6js.gif)
That's got to be a kick in the balls for Tre Mason. 
Yeah fucking stupid.
Scrolls through comments:

Weed joke.

Weed joke.

Weed joke.

Contructive reply.

Weed joke.

Weed joke.

Weed joke.

Etc.
wait how do you guys know what the picks are? Is the TV on delay 
ME TOO
Great pick to be honest. This kid is not your typical Wisconsin HB that will bust out. Dude is a fuckin monster
Definite reach. I think.
Had to trade up when they heard Seattle wanted to trade up to get him...
For once Taylor Swift is not a great choice
There's a turd in the punch bowl
This thread is for spoilers
You need more offense. Don't you know that?
Who wouldn't be miserable to have to live in St. Louis for a year and then move to LA?
Cheerleader tits :)
Watch Oakland not pick Leonard Williams
QB HERE. CALLING IT
At this point I wouldn't be surprised if they traded out and traded back to somehow gain a 3rd. 
Pew pew humphries sniped from Carolina
So Leonard Williams to Oakland?
Yeah you can't go wrong with him in my opinion. He could be able to play guard right away and switch to tackle as he progresses. 
Now, here is where things get interesting..
Ooooohhhhhhhh. I'm just trollin' anyway.
PICK IS IN.
Man I hope he's worth it. 
He was rated 12 on the big board. Why wasn't he drafted earlier? Should we be worried?

Edit: I get it's based on one person's opinion and each team has positional needs, it just seems strange that a knowledgeable draft person would have him so high but he falls so far.
You just reminded me of all the times the FOX announcers sneak "home run" or "slam dunk" when calling football games. *shudder*
I don't think that being the main man was what he was worried about. Zac wants out because with Gurley and Mason in front of him now, he won't get many snaps now, which hurts his value UNLESS he gets moved out of St. Louis.
Maybe the most Redskins move ever
GRIGSON, YOU STUPID FUCKER
Wow, glad to see the whole NFL is transitioning to representing the Saints
I'm excited about this Vikings D. 

I've a few personal bets that they'll go no more than 4 or 5 losses next year, as well as a sneaky Championship bet.
Eagles fans look sad
So much for no RBs in the 1st round.
No way Bettman definitely gets booed more.
Goodell can't pronounce Mariota
Ugh fuck that D Line
Sums up the first round for me, knowing Belichicks tendency to trade down.
They do look badass...If not for the gold helmet and the fact that nothing about the color black makes me think 49ers. Black is not a Niners color. It's forced and I'm just not a fan. Go with throwbacks, [these](http://cover32.com/49ers/wp-content/uploads/sites/31/2014/02/san_dewayne_francisco_1972_12_23.jpg) are from 50 years ago to celebrate the 50th SB anniversary. Only slightly different, but still different. The 49ers have iconic jerseys, basically haven't ever changed. Why start now.
WHY GOD WHY? TWO SPOTS WHY?
FUCKKKKKKKKKK 
He's way different than Flowers
yeah, if y'all wanted a DT so badly I don't see why Malcom Brown wasn't the better pick. Brown is more polished and plays at a higher level, Armstead is pure project potential. Also there are no issues with Brown's work ethic, I can assure you.
No. I'm fine with that. But Goodell can fuck right off. Because he's Goodell
plz
We don't have an overpopulation problem in America.
I agree, the old "Fuck defense, just throw it" can be fun when you have a good qb.
Which is fucking stupid, since Wilk is either the #2 or #3 3-4 DE in the league. I wouldn't trade him for the unproven Williams. I like my known elite commodities. 
I'm glad I'm not on TV. I wouldn't want someone judging every body movement haha
nobody gives a shit about a draft 60 years ago. chicago's pick is in. let's hurry along.
Httr in the background!
Interesting that Kendricks was still available and yet they still went with him.
Deal declined. 

Would you like to offer your first round picks for the next 15 years? Maybe we'll have a deal. 
I dont know his political/religious views. I wasnt trying to make a joke. 
Chargers gave up the 17th pick,
the 4th round pick,
the 5th round pick

for the 49ers 15th pick
How far behind is the NFL network app vs live TV? Goodell just came out to announce the Dolphins pick on my screen.
Delayed tweet from when he lost his job six months ago 
I think DJ was the panthers' pick. Since he got taken I don't think they were high on any other WR's and OTs for the first.
Wooooooooooooooooo
H00k 'em
CHIP CHIP CHIP CHIP CHIP CHIP
I don't know that I like the red directly on the black like that. 
Great pick for Oakland imo, couldnt go wrong with Williams but Cooper is my #1 WR I can't wait to see how he does with Carr.
Let's go Marioto!
""Lol we're not taking Armstead" - every 49ers fan" - every comment in this thread
damn Jets D, you scary
I still can't believe he fell to #6. 
Wasn't Too Tall Jones first overall pick? He must have been taller, (they didn't call him appropriately tall Jones) and that was in the Common Draft era wasn't it?
Just go ahead and give him the Walter Peyton Man of the Year award.
is he going to get to play right away? I thought panthers were stacked at LB? was shocked he got picked didn't think he'd get drafted till round 2
I feel bad for saying this. But, I had a feeling his girlfriend would be white.
Don't watch the TCU game film. White got SHUT DOWN by the other Kevin White. 
Jeez who are you guys following my damn feed Doesn't have anything yet.
forreal, you could make that argument for ever fucking qb ever
Sign Chris Polk?
The next Jimmy Graham?
Hell yeah, Fork Em' Devils!!!
I was told there'd be drama
RIP DICK, RIP INBOX
WE DON'T EVEN WANT MARIOTA, WE GOT TEBOW BITCHES
Goodell takes a first born as penance
FUCK YEAH LBS FOR DAYZ BITCHES IDGAF
Literally nothing was surprising. I guess Colts going with Dorsett. 
Texans wanted Gordon.
I don't think he knows what "ironic" means
"Limited commercials this draft brought to you by Bose."

*Cuts to 5 min commercial break two picks in.*
It would be a brick wall
Heh
I am not saying that he shouldn't say something like this. It is just sad that the Browns realize that this was a front office disaster. 
Rofl @ Saints fan. Someone Gif that
Dragons don't throw lasers, they breathe fire.
That was the missing link on the Pats DL for awhile but now our line is stacked. I agree though G is the next most important and then BPA of CB and RB would be perfect.
Really? I'm happy they are delaying fixing their defense. Until they realize that their defense playing at a collegiate level is what did them in last year, Rodgers and co. are going to continue to put up big points against them.
http://i.imgur.com/e1rmqnp.gifv
I'm surprised Detroit even wants Manny Ramirez. He's been shit ever since he left Boston.
BEST PICK 2015
Tampa Bay night life better not be that good
That's pretty rough. Are you at the physical therapy stage yet?
I think he'll be fine. He's aggressive and doesn't shy away from contact. Tackling & form can be improved with coaching.
cromartie was a huge inspiration to him
He sounds like Crazy Legs from Don't be a Menace.
We aren't really arguing, I'm just correcting you. The NFL does not allow teams to use different helmets. Players wear the exact same helmet in week 17 that they started with in training camp. Only "the outside of the helmet can be modified by removing or replacing decals, as long as it does not affect the integrity of the helmet." No teams have opted to go this route as it would be too much of a pain in the ass presumably.

http://espn.go.com/pdf/2013/0918/espn_helmet_memo.pdf
Good chance they could have had him in the second though
There aren't enough booos going on, i miss it NY
[ITS HAPPENING]
(http://i.imgur.com/vwMin.gif)
There's a reason he's so slow behind the line, he can't pull out. Imagine if Rivers was the type to cheat on his wife, he'd have something Like 50 kids. What's up with all the kids, is he Catholic or just really hates condoms or allergic to latix.
Xavier Rhodes will still cover Calvin Johnson.
You guys know he isn't a suspect right? 
Disappointed Chip didn't just walk out there and announce it himself
This is a very good year for mock drafts.
except for that guy he shot in the face
Anticlimactic 
You are correct, sir!
Are the analysts even raising the possibility of a Mariota trade later. Philly doesn't pick for two more hours -- and all that they are offering is still there for the taking. I think Tenn is shopping him as we speak. 
Bose has got to be PISSED with the top two picks wearing Beats 
PLEASE
I still think the Titans are dealing Mariota. They may just be waiting to see if who they want is on the board.
HAHAHAHAHAHA AYY AYY AYY AYY AYY LMAO LMAO LMAO LMAO
I'm embracing the boom or bust. Either we win the superbowl or collapse entirely. Fuck it.
Had a feeling it would be DGB. Damn.
I'm the opposite! ESPN is part of a package that's $40 more a month. Sports package is $5 a month!
Has Gregory been drafted? 

!!!!!
[Here's the gfycat version](http://gfycat.com/DecimalDisfiguredElkhound) if you want it to load faster for users with bad connection.
Because his fuck face ruined touchdown celebrations. 
THE BEST THING HE DOES IS PLAY SPECIAL TEAMS AHAH
Ours is best.
Great pick for Chargers but I think he still probably would have been there at 17
Iirc he was announced as a guard, and also Mack is expected to void the rest of his contract after this season
Still don't quite know how to feel about this pick?
Are we breaking reddit???
Dear NFL,

I will not go on pintrest you dickbags. Fuck off.

With love, 

Sammew
We told you fuckers all offseason we wouldnt reach on a tackle. 
Not amused
>he said he grew up a ravens fan, so maybe he wanted that?

It feels kinda weird for me that there are NFL players now who grew up as the fans of a team that's younger than I am. 
Makes no sense unless they believed San Fran would take him. Head scratcher 
good lord
Fisher loves to run the ball, still high IMO
I love watching Mel Kiper just be completely wrong
Jesus Christ, Goodell. 

It's not Marioto. 

It's also definitely not OREGAWN. Fuck you so hard. 

How can you not pronounce the last name of this guy?
This is great for us. Also gives Claiborne and Carr some competition because Clay is out of the NFL if he doesn't perform this year.
Gotta protect your qb's
NFL Network just called this kid "The Beyonce of Tackles"
Would have been a much larger reach to take any offensive lineman imo. 
Fuck these ads. Is ESPN not showing these pick announcements live?
Dear god. 
Welp there that went
WE ON THE CLOCK BOYS 
1 WR plz
Hell fucking yeah, we didn't do some dumb shit.
Whoa, Laken Tomlinson sounds like a smart mofo. Premed too, wow.
probably did some against the rules stuff to gain money in college lool
Can't believe we had to wait all the way until pick 29 for the first WTF!? pick. Finally, some entertainment!
Right? Seems a bit extreme. 

Better for us late picks though. No complaints 
A mumu?
http://i.imgur.com/YLdZhZv.jpg
I would have liked a weapon for our offense but this pick is just hilarious
He's so white he's curved the brim of his cap!

Edit: Dude genuinely sounds like a great guy. Hope he beasts it up.
chargers worried texans take gordon?
PIC?
TITANS SELECT TODD GURLEY
OP will surely deliver.
Gay dean, gay dean, gay dean, *gay deeeaaannnn*, I'm begin you to be a gay dean for the school board
He did break LT's single game rushing record in college this year! 
1. Perriman
2. Dupree
3. trade down
I know you're joking, but I really liked that they saved their boos for Green Bay.
This thread is ESPN only. There is a separate NFL Network thread
Mariota looks insanely nervous 
Smart pick. Not looking forward to seeing Shelton twice a year. 
:) he was there at 30....
The moment commish said "Dan-....", the Raiders pick was turned in.
I have a feeling there will be an influx of Bose headphones on EBay in the next few days.
wiloiams to raidaz
Hahaha that's funny to be honest :P
I'm inclined to believe you. I'm not mad about it, but if it were true that'd be crazy.
He looks very scary plz nerf
FUCK YEAH AND FUCK COUCHES. 
Please take Shane Ray.

I can totall ysee myself loathing him on the Falcons.
Fuck. Now we have to deal with Leanard Williams too?
Thought it also happened to Kansas City one year. Now looking it up I see the Raven's missed their pick and Kansas turned their card in before the Ravens could so they moved up one spot for free.
"Melvin, the Holocaust is still fresh in all our minds. Your thoughts?"
Bc tradition 
of course ray goes to denver!!!
Bryce petty please i want some fun
Dont worry Jaelen Strong is coming. I've got faith in this kid.
This dude...
Which is......?
Garrett Grayson to the Vikings.
Beasley is gone, I bet. Congrats Falcons.
Holy fuck. Did not see that coming. 
Probably defense
This will be such a great nickname for them if they develop chemistry and take off.
It was still a possibility after we cut Greg Jennings 
Dang he had Primes motto down!! Lol
I think it's safe to say that Peterson will be playing for the Vikings next year.
Assaulting the Commissioner. That's a 10 game suspension, with an additional warning.
Wow after all those mocks they actually did take Armstead
Well dudes gotta a cannon and now he's has a WR with a 4.3 40 sooooooooo
Idk I really dislike Gruden and, Boomer and McShay. Their characters are just annoying and distracting to me
Lots of options for Tannehill.
oh god if the jets draft Leonard :O 
**BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
Because if we can't have franchise QB's...we're gonna break yours. 
maybe it was Mance blowing the horn of joramun
That's why it could be worth it for the Skins to draft a non-LT though
Hernandez. 
No....yes
Can you blame us? (So conflicted...)
CHICAGO PIZZA > NY PIZZA


edit: thanks for the gold kind stranger!
Chip Kelly must know something we don't know 
...are you saying you don't?
Hey... yeah you're right. Now I feel much better. Thanks :D
we're on the clock and talking to our draft pick
No one criticizing this pick understands just how bad RT was for us last year. That and we already addressed DL in free agency.
Hey man, this is a fucking stellar pick. As a Ravens fan, I know a thing or two about O-Linemen from Iowa, my favorite offensive player is Marshal Yanda, he is the main reason we have had RB success! 

I have 3 Raven Jerseys: Ray Lewis, Joe Flacco, and Marshal MotherFucking Yanda
As long as they don't cross its good. Our coach had us rolling around constantly so the offense wouldn't know what gaps we were headed too
I agree, just because it's a reach doesn't mean it will end up bad
Chip: "Welcome to the team Nelson! We're proud to have you" 

Nelson: "Thanks I'm ready to get to work" 

Chip: "Yeah about that, I'm going to need you to put [this](http://www.da808style.com/store/images/44men_shirt_green.jpg) on and wear it whenever you're around me from now on. Aloha!". 

Nelson: ...

He can be traded right now, pretty sure that's what happened with Eli-Rivers
Another weapon for one of the most spoiled QBs in the NFL. Don't like your coach? We'll fire him. You lose Marshall but still have Forte which you dump the ball to, and young Alshon? It's okay we'll get you another top 5 college receiver. Have another shit season? It's okay it's not your fault. Your're only 31 years old. You're still developing. Let's try firing your o-coordinator again. 
This sub still somehow believes he's not just playing a character.
Leonard Willams: "I sure do love the colors black and grey" lol.
And a lot of us are happy as fuuuuuuuuuck. I would have liked Williams as well but I wanted Cooper more. Plus, AC/DC!!!!
Tell that to Japan. As a matter of fact, the US population is plateauing, with the only highest growing ethnicities being Hispanic due to their Catholic beliefs. 

Source:

http://www.prb.org/Publications/Articles/2012/us-population-growth-decline.aspx


Haha, that'd be great if he actually trades out of his 1-3 picks one year and stockpiles later round picks and builds the perfect season team. 
I wouldn't even be mad.
Yo, /u/The_GOAT_ Perriman got picked in the 1st so you owe me gold, my brother.
Lol good to know you have the only rights to draft OL in the first.. Does that mean Oakland and Chicago copied us because they got WRs?
Admit it, you're pissing yourself.
Jax takes Cooper I bet
God have mercy on the AFC East.
Well, shit. There goes the guy I wanted, I think he'll continue the run of good CBs coming out of MSU.
Hoping For Williams
Trust me, they show nothing (living in Europe, saw it, didn't feel like anything was spoiled)
I mean we do need a DT, ill be happy with that.
So the Raiders know how we feel now, huh?
flair?

got to make it a big event somehow. lot of filler.
Reach tho
if only you had drafted a big defensive lineman who could negate that sort of impact...
I'm so conflicted now!
Fowler was a much better choice for the Jags, you'll be alright.
rams just trolling everyone
Love it, we need a tall receiver.
He's awfully similar to err....guy that's already there, isn't he....he was on my fantasy team last year.....ttttt something. You know. Small, quick, fast, can get downfield. 
Who said anything about him being the best CB?
Fuck you Houston! You just made an enemy for life!
Thank you guys. You won't regret this.
Shit you were never supposed to discover me.
So a Papa John's with extra cheese. 
BOoooooooooooooo
Time will tell. 
Mariota is a dead man. Fuck my life
SHUT UR MOUTH
Lord I hope so, he always murders us.
Thank god he's not on the Bears.
This depends what we consider to be a reach. Dorsett wasn't drafted outside his expected range, but was drafted by a team that did not have any need for a WR in the 1st. Not a reach imo, just a bad pick for team need reasons.
He has the arms of a guard.
Shelton has swag
Jags take either Fowler or Leonard Williams.
Whaaatttt?

cool story bro
Ike Reese right again
That would be the perspective I'm looking at it from. Even if he can take care of 8 children (Which he obviously can) I just don't understand the need to have 8 kids. Again he and every other person in this country can have as many children as they want, I just don't think it's good for the long term health of our society. 
I mean, the Redskins are *desperate* for a RT but I'm surprised they thought he was the BPA. 
Commenting in a thread you know is going to be deleted is weird. Kinda morbid, really.
WHAT. ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING
i'm not upset so much as COMPLETELY FUCKIN CONFUSED
Or at least legal dumb things!
Makes sense, weed is legal there

You're gonna make us cry dude
Welp.
Probably rip. Not sure how I feel about it
You guys figured it out a long time ago. AFC East has had nasty dlines for years. No one's just had the offense to overtake the pats
it would mean a 6th next year
They should do reddit reactions too
No. :(
They gave a 4th and a 5th. Might have had a hunch. 
I just don't understand why us raiders fans are so mad. Justin Ellis has proven to be a good DT (I think he made second team all rookie?) and what can you give an ups coming young QB? A fucking reciever. I like the pick really couldn't go wrong either way. 
Holy is two syllables dude. 
Why are people complaining about spoilers in a thread specifically made for spoilers? 
I gots no problem with us taking him, I have a problem with us taking him at 5.
gordon I guess
Fangio should help....
Browns drafted a solid character guy along with his play, smart move after the past few guys.
You're right that came off kinda bad. He definitely did! I was talking more in the sense of 8-8 seasons. Yes I know that's not all on him
THE steal of the draft? 
see ya
Well huh.
It was actually Chip pulling the cord out from the powerpoint. 
He just trolled everyone with a pic of him enjoying a crab feast at his party on Twitter

#jaboowins3
its a weak crop of cb and s's though. while nearly as good of a crop of wr's as last year. agholor will be good but it just seems like a luxury pick to grab a wr in the first round.

and yeah, i dont expect cooper to see many snaps. maybe goal line as a blocker or if he can get matched up against someone short or slow. i expect sproles to play like tazr like de anothony thomas did at oregon. mismatch problem that lines up where the d looks weak to his skillset.
You watch football, and complain about commercial breaks! :)
How about leaving it in the past? Doing it on draft night is a point FU to all the people that he views as detractors. It's childish. Funny joke for a comedian or entertainer. Not a trait I'd want in my QB. 
Well he watched while Stringfellow beat someone up, but yeah he needs to be gone for good.
HOLY SHIT ???
Thinking TN trades him by night's end.

Also - I hope this isn't a precursor for the night - no trades or anything.
[LOL](http://i.imgur.com/536Xya5.png)
STOP IT
Hmmmmmmmmm, I wonder who Winston was on the phone with......
Why didn't you say Chris Paul?
haha im aware you are joking but just in case you are not. people are allowed past curfew for work reasons. they could pack the team onto trucks and drive out of town if they wanted to. as long as they are working
They both aren't that good to be honest (but part of that is because of the OL). I'm still not sure I like this pick though.
Gordon going to Bolt up, For Sure!

Belee dat!
missing out on life breh
lil dude broke it down in a very masculine way
He can play guard too.
We pretty much can't do anything that will upset me with the first pick in the second round.

Gregory doesn't necessarily fill a need, but he's the best outside rusher of the draft in my opinion. Jake Fisher, TJ Clemmings, and LaEl Collins are all picks I would be SO EXCITED about. Landon Collins would be my long-awaited replacement for Michael Griffin, who I've loathed (as a player) for years. Eric Kendricks was my favorite ILB in the draft. The D needs to stop the run, and he's good at that.
Hope he doesn't Manziel it.
This guy is going to dominate. I love it!.
They are pretty nice
Well not all that surprised. Gurley and Foles are going to be scary good together.
HOW WILL HE PUT THE HELMET ON HIS HEAD, TOO MUCH HAIR!!!
I don't blame them, if you start to slide, you have all those cameras zooming in on you while you're sweating it out.
Last year on Aldon's contract and Bowmsn might still be out because of the injury
It's what we need. So I'm content
[WHAT?](http://i.imgur.com/dPjdTvss.jpg)
Not as high as Shane Ray

THESE WEED JOKES WRITE THEMSELVES!!!!
ILB, CB, NT
bryce petty
(again)
Way to wiff on the name, ya dork.
He also hadn't played baseball since like his sophomore year in high school. Even if he was a phenomenal baseball player, few people are going to be able to take like 3 years off without playing baseball and then step into the minor leagues and not look like an idiot.
Hey we got a guy!!!
I think he has a condition. His had was shaky

-armchair doctor
Seriously. I read so many mock draft threads with Niner fans flipping out about how they'd never take Armstead.
 #1 thing you can do to help your chances to get into the NFL is being born Polynesian.
Unless-you know- one of them bust
This dude seems chill af
haha funny how that worked 
Yeah but they have serious needs. Do they NEED him? That's what I was asking.

BPA, sure. But what's the point of that if you are picking this low? I don't like BPA this low.
The mustache makes it art. One art please!
Why do you think we collectively did not want him?
You thought the jets were gonna grab Williams? 
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
Stern was the man his final draft, put his hand up to his ears, asked the crowd to give him more, it was some WWE shit.
I miss gruden's voice. Monday nights always make me melt
Gonna check it out brb 
I want the bears to make a bad pick just to max out the booing
Wow, did not expect Shaq this early. That's definitely not BPA.
pretty sure all the samoan wrestlers are related actually. the rock. rakishi. roman reigns. the uso's
Scared that the Texans were taking Gordon
[Or not](https://twitter.com/JaysonBraddock/status/593974912353636352)
I mean, if everyone thinks that certain players who were locks for the first round are passed up by all 32 teams, maybe we don't know what the fuck we're talking about. 

NFL teams have access to infinitely more information on these prospects than any of us. Players like Gregory, the Collinses, DGB were all passed on by all 32 teams for a reason. 
This guy does not look too bright...
Says the lions fan
refreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefreshrefres
FTFY

>Patriots have to go Brown here
He spits in the face of quarterbacks who don't want to be cool.
Kornsas City 
Hopefully a fat first round check will straighten him out
For only the first hour, now it's gunna be commercial fest
Hahahahaahhaa oh my god, that is fucking hilarious.

So many 49ers fans were so angry every time any analyst and fan would mock Arik to the 49ers in /r/nfl and /r/NFL_Draft , calling it a lazy pick they didn't need.


US, FOR FUCK'S SAKE WE NEED O LINE
Of course Raiders. 
Yayyyy. Just to not give you another pass rusher.
Taking phone calls. Got to wait and see if some amazing deal comes in.
One dick, please.
they don't even need him though? Maybe they'll trade out...

Up 44 points right now 

in the 3rd

update: Final score 120-66. DAAAA Bulls.
Colonel Sanders...couldn't stop thinking it was a suit only he would wear.
Barr actually produced in college and wasn't draft cuz he's big
Shit, maybe 3...run game is gonna be amazing this year...hope they can keep that D fresh!
That hairline though....
"Can Jay Cutler do it?"

No.
YOU GET DAT MONEY JAMEIS ;_;
Tre is the change of pace now
I'm satisfied
Jameis winston... shocker...
So Williams is falling all the way to 27, right? 
[???????](http://i.imgur.com/gpbpKo8.jpg)
It will never not be funny.
Pretty tame, but nice.
At least it's not the Superbowl Nationwide commercial.
What in the actual fuck
He's a 6th round draft pick who went 0/6 last season, some one needs to tell him stfu and bring his ass to camp and compEte. There's no market for him, he's lucky to have a roster spot
No marioto
I hope Seattle pick him up late on, good o-line talent to help them if he gets through.
What're you talking about? Mariota is still out there. Martioto got drafted.
Iowa, not Washington. 
I wasnt serious lol
I'm going to comfort myself by remembering all of the Travis Frederick reactions and delude myself into thinking he'll be a GOAT tackle
Mariota looks like he's stuck watching the draft at a Quienciera
Sup, buuuuuud-y
Dude has a couple of serious negative marks. Doesn't explode off the line and takes plays off. Having watched a lot of PAC12 games, I can't say I'm surprised he's falling.
Was Beasley or White not a top talent?
Same here
BUCS BUCS BUCS BUCS BUCS BUCS
Take a shot every time they say "off the field"
So who do we take here? Peat? Dupree?
I turned on ESPN for Schefty, but Mort won't shut the fuck up.
No surprises here.
THAT'S NOT THE ROYAL WE YOU SCHMUCK
He should have fun with the Raiders guy who would cut his dick off. 
"Suck it Kiper!"

\- Gruden and Boomer 
And with that, it's time to go check out your sub.
Its defiently not good, reaching on a position that isn't the biggest concern on the team is bad. 
Save cap space I guess? I dunno, Marshall seems like he was worth his price.
/r/nfl stop listening to 49ers flairs. we don't know what the fuck this team wants.
Welp, time to draft all the CBs



EDIT: so far so good. 
Hello to you good sir. Who would you like Broncos to draft and who do you think they will draft? Just wondering.
Nice what does the fox say sign.

Topical
No, not at all. Neither did Sheldon, though that worked for us, you reach a point where you cant play DL at LB anymore.
Just wait till yourguys' first.
I trust that their was communication between them throughout the process. IMO, it would be pretty obvious to them that the rumors were false. 
Wut? Post that shit!
Peat it is.
Jameis Christ
2 minute warning
You can, but they hold your NFL rights for one year. After one year you can re-enter the draft.

Probably the most famous case is the Bucs drafting Bo Jackson (after him telling them not to). He sat out the whole year and just played baseball.
Gotta agree with with Walter football here , wish should have traded down and got that pick later
I'm guessing they couldn't get a deal done in the allotted time, and they will trade him tonight
Ehh he's young. I could see him getting a good amount of snaps this season. Especially because I think Shaq will play some Strong Safety.
You drafted a tackle to counter our pass rusher.
I don't get it, Tre played really well last year 
the phrase "sneaky fast" used on a non-white guy...
Seriously, im all for another browns FO debacle 
I'm not mad lol, they can't even play him.
Please tell me these people they're showing on the online stream aren't going to be showed the whole time? I don't wanna listen to these goddamn scrubs, I want Mayock and Eisen damn it
Picking 2nd in a 2-man Draft? Better load a bunch of warm bodies into the room for the cameras!

Jags would have been criticized for putting on airs if they'd had more people in there. Lazy writers like an easy target, and we will be one for a while (even after we start making the Playoffs again).
WE DRAFTED SOMEONE!!! SOMEONE I WANTED!!
/thread
That fro doe
You were right. *sigh*
Are we converting him to corner? 
FUCKING FINALLY!!!! A FUCKING TRADE
Compare yawn with on (as in my previous example). That's the difference.
Dibs
NFL network! Rich Eisen & 'coke up' Michael Irvin!
Who wouldn't be?
Gotta love ballhawks that are afraid to tackle
Woah, is that a Tales reference I see?
That's some investigative journalism

Maybe they mean a total of 50k were there? Not like at the same time because yeah, it didn't look like there were that many people there today. 
we took a WR?!?!? worst. pick. ever.
Bullshit pick. Ugh. 
Raiders fans explode in 3..2..1
10 minutes in the first round
I suppose.

He's also gotten some really, really wrong. Like his love affair with Perriman. 
Good pick good pick
I don't think any of them are Hall of Famers. Especially not Rivers.
Fuck it, bring em on!
THAT SECONDARY HOLY SHIT
You better trademark that or I'm stealing it.
My Colts fan friend just said "absolute dumbest pick of the draft" 
Guys I've never been on the "fire Grigson" bandwagon, but that might change after today. 
If it works, better break it to see how it works! That's out motto!
Oh fuck Phillip Rivers is expecting his 8th child. At what point do you ask yourself if you've had enough kids? 
Goodell did announce him as a guard 
So do we get a Winston trade?
Oh well it's a need at least. Our line was our biggest downfall on offense.
"Why are you picking Luke Kuechly when you have Jon Beason?"
LOL he isn't even a top 5 DE in the division.
Gurley????
This draft so far is a lesson in Best Player Available 
lol Chargers gonna charger
Well I'm just saying oak and was passing on Williams wasn't predicted
love it
Tre's dead he's locked in my basement
Seriously our WR corps is to crowed with potential to draft a wr
Have you ever heard of the Dallas Cowboys?
GO MELVIN! On Wisconsin!
fucking thank god. was really worried this was gonna be Leonard Williams
Ozzie uses smokescreen. It's super effective
If he goes through with it, I'll respect his commitment
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$44
Way more physical than Patterson
"I'd like to thank the man upstairs"

"We're going to Chris Mortensen who's upstairs "
Colts never expected Brown to be here. This pick got super tricky. 
I wasn't in love with any of the prospects on the board at 19 so it worked out perfectly if you ask me. 

10/10 would trade for Sammy again 
Yeah Gettleman hasn't been that great in the draft at all /s
lol guess what. Just popped up on TV.
And Collins, Collins and Collins. 

But I actually like the pick TBH. Dorsett reminds me of Randall Cobb.
"This post-pick interview brought to you by Bose"
Gruden is a God
Louie-Ville
Bears fans' boos were lackluster. They need more practice.
I'm trying to be positive so here goes... Maybe this is a sign that we plan to start spreading things out. We have AJ, TY, Moncrief, and this guy. Not to mention Duron Carter. Maybe we will play a lot of 4 WR sets, and let Luck throw for 6000 yards and 60 tds... Screw it, that was a retarded pick. 
J 
It's too late for this shit!
STAB TEBOW, I SAID IT ALREADY
Nelson Lukeben-Django... Southern New Hampshire University. 
That's a scary ass D-Line. Sorry AFC East.
Yes, raping two girls is certainly indicative of horrible decision making.

Oh wait,that's not what they're talking about?
> That would have been the most Dolphins thing ever.

Hard to beat [this] (http://www.thefinsiders.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/Jordan.jpg)
The reason he left Oregon was because he received a R1 grade. 
That would be too amazing
Whose more popular? Putin or Goodell?
Solid pick by the Redskins
Our fanbase [isn't very good with words](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/34b4jq/washington_bad_at_football_worse_at_spelling_wsj/) (29/32).
I just don't trust drafting OLinemen in the top 10 anymore
I was there last month but I just went straight to Prana's and admittedly was focused on other things 
I really hope more people see this comment after everything is said and done.
Right before the Panthers, too. That's gotta hurt.
man all I want is a thread thats listing what team picked who

gg
That's not milk...
One thing I've learned that more often than not, o-linemen picked high in the draft are normally great picks. Sure there are some exceptions, but it's normally a good idea.
There's a bunch of them where I live. (Utah). They're amazing people, some of the most positive people I've ever met.
Just in: Chip Kelly traded to the Titans
Cam Erving. Did not see that coming.
Danny Shelton is a wrecking ball. Hes gonna give us problems.
I jizzed in my pants.
inb4 Eagles fans "GOOD I'M SO GLAD WE DIDN'T GET HIM"
I'll give you a rumor.

On second thought, I don't have an expensive suit and someone to pay me for my opinion. 
Guys, we're not asking the real question here: What will FSU's baseball team be able to do without Jameis? 
I'm convinced like 75% of Samoans are in the NFL.
"So you just got drafted by the Saints, what does this mean to your dead grandparents?"
Still no
Good pick, man.

In McClay we trust.
2 RB's in the top 15. Their value seems to have changed pretty quickly.
I would like to point out that Andrew Luck faces all of these teams next year as well... 

First one that eats the neard wins ?
Back to /r/SquaredCircle you go Daniel.
Are you drunk or retarded? 
TEAM METTENBERGER
Taco is that you?
He's perfect for a 3-4 end
So are we going to hurt these women?
I don't know man but I'm glad I'm not the only one. Hail NFCE.
He's the best CB in the draft, but he got kicked off the team. It's a gamble, but I'm sure Dorsey and Reid know what they're doing.
\m/
cannonballs are ok
I thought they were a lock for Landon Collins.
Should've went defense. 
Thanks Jets
Can't go wrong! :D
WOW LOL 
He's got dreads. He's destined for greatness.
Whoa. Damn. This makes no sense, really...
He's arguably the best CB in the draft.
Hilarious.... yawn
Wow, Eagles offered a king's ransom to the Titans and they turned it down. (If the reports are to be believed)
Mel Kiper looks like a young, less talented, Larry King.
I'll just say this: I watched a lot of Pac-12 football this year, and over the last couple of years. Armstead put up pedestrian numbers in a weak era for Pac-12 offensive lines. I don't ever remember watching a Pac-12 game and noticing Armstead dominating.
Grats Bucs.

Need to see that pirate ship in the playoffs. Make it happen.
Shane Ray is a perfect fit for Denver. And yes, I mean bc of the weed
Waiting to see if someone will cough up a half dozen 1st rounders to grab Jameis
I like how he had to read the card to see that he was a QB and from FSU. As if he wouldn't know that.
So...so far...is the draft going basically as predicted? No crazy trades, everyone basically drafting for their need...
Yeah, we came out PISSED. Bucks never recovered 
"With the first pick in the 2015 NFL Draft The Tampa Bay Buccaneers Select Bryce Petty Quarterback From Baylor".
That Jets dline with williams is going to be scary
They said Guard, but the graphic at the bottom said Center.
DL is a luxury. we have tons of depth there. ILB we need 1 backup. OLB we need 1 backup. WR is a definite need, but not a dire one. CB2 we drafted 3 guys last year and have cook and wright as well. 


They wouldn't. 
Bullshit. Fucking stupid to trade up for him too.
YOUR OLDER BROTHER DIED ON THIS DAY, LET'S TALK ABOUT IT!
https://imgflip.com/i/kwb0h
Houston is so fucked. 
Keep trying chip. They already know so best to go talk to them now
Thanks, will try.
Trust in TT.
Ok Common Man
FUCK CHIP FUCK WIZ FUCK EVERYONE.

Except for the Raiders, who'll feed a couple of starving Ukrainian kids if they draft Leo Williams.
really you don't know how to say his name after 4 months
I'm confused.
They used their sexy pick several drafts ago when they got RG3. They have to get a decent O-line or their sexy pick was pointless.
Goddell getting boo'd makes me moist.
I was thinking Dupree or Melvin Gordon. 
No they won't. You cannot sign and trade a draftee in the NFL. It's against the collective bargaining agreement. 
Good on you man
We take the ball from goal to goal like no ones ever seen!
God, you people are petty as hell. "Can't even pronounce his name right". Yeah, but he's smart enough to be making millions while surviving controversy, which no one here has
OMG I CANT I CANT

Me too. I eat a fuckload of stuff
That was my exact face.
ever hear the old chinese proverb 'a tree needs roots to grow, no aging vets who are past their prime"? or something like that.
I mean, someone else in your division has to be not garbage eventually.
What the fuck!?!?
How well can he slow down on a route and initiate contact though?
Maybe they're trying to keep him from Houston. That makes no sense to me
Melvin Gordon
That was the risky click of the decade.
If you have google, install Hola unblocker.

But you should be able to stream if for free on nfl.com
God I feel like every team is thinking this. It's like last year's fantasy draft and Gordon all over again
Let me know when Carson stops cramping in the offseason... He can borrow my sister's tampons if he's out of the hometown brand. 
I'm telling you it's Williams
His career is over.
Mr Bean?
Maybe he's trying to get Chip?
> Teams tend to give their high-profile picks second, third, and fourth chances before giving the backups a shot.

Yup. Washington was trotting out a gimpy RGIII in favor of Cousins.
Eh, a vector has more than one point. 

Although ours hardly has one at all.
Shaq will be much more than a special teamer
Mason-Gurley no Line
You know you fucked up huge when you skip on a player, the Jets draft him, and the Jets fan cheer for once in their collective lives.
[Tom Brady](http://imgur.com/CBjNV8J)
Nooooooooo
shocker. Did we get six 5th round picks?
They will make you appreciate those tweets, whether you like it or not.
anyone have a good stream going? mine just lost its connection

Perfect. Big Vince gone to the Texans, so a DT from UT picked to replace him.
a bet he made with himself none the less. I am thinking he was always curious to how his piss tasted like
"It's time to have some fun" "BOOOOOOO FUCK FUN"
Can you imagine being 246 and people saying you struggle to keep on weight
What the hell? 
We've got spare Bolts for you Cheeseheads. You're always a pleasure to hang with.
He said Ravens
Bengals fans want playoff success now. So, drafting a guy who won't play this season will ruffle some feathers. Everyone is concerned with the injuries, but ogbuehi was a top 10 talent before the injury. plus, anthony munoz was real injury concern coming out of college too, and he seemed to work out well :3
Draft Marcus! We can team up to hope for this one!
Blinded? Not at all. I had a feeling the pick was going to be Williams vs Cooper, and there are a few question marks on Williams and none that I've seen on Cooper. We need a top elite weapon for Carr and we got it. Frankly my faith in Mack is immense and I think he will continue to dominate and bring out defense forward with our new LB and DC cord.
Better start licking your chops AFC South running backs.
Too slow :)
A lot of people think he's a Round 2
When/if the Hawks get one of those I'll reevaluate :D
The only occasion for which I switch "top" to "new"
That's fucking hilarious
the limit is too strict to smoke and still get under josh gordon got popped for what an amount that would be tantamount to second hand smoking. you can't smoke weed you can't even be around weed smoke if you want to pass the nfl drug test. 
Richardson and Williams?

That's scary.
I think the Chargers are now on the clock, not the 9ers
Fucking finally
Wow surprising 
YIKES. 
[Kevin White has a message for Packers fans](http://i.imgur.com/XlyxITl.png)
Shout out to the Jets for copying the Rams
Jets fan right now be like :DDDDDDDDDD
He was in our lap and we let him slip away. This is such a Redskins move.
chiefs are a beautiful team who don't need no wide receivers 
I knew he wasn't going to fall to the second, but never could I have predicted this.
People complained at 13 because it's not BPA and it's not BPA for a need neither. We find that being the case here too, it's a simple concept.
Oh okay, my fault.

I just get annoyed by the random flair attacking that happens on this sub sometimes.
Hey Rich, where is Alex Flannigan?
landon
Not sure a 5-2 would work in the NFL
Oakland going for flash over substance?

Who woulda guessed?
Rumor has it that Manny was going to be cut anyway. This saves us $3M and it's a fairly deep draft for OL prospects. I'm cautiously optimistic here, I think Ray is tremendous value at 23. 
Going to be Kevin White. No doubt.

Leave it to Chris Berman to make the dumbest connection between RB not being drafted in the 1st. ESPN makes me sick. Tosh put them on blast and nailed them on everything. 
What he say
[Reminds me a little too much of the Richard D James album](https://warpnet-media.s3.amazonaws.com/81269bf22a81ea6dc4b0141fdb65b33b65e6588e1f90f333d56d8331)
perriman is basically a raw-er torrey smith *fuck*

when will Ozzie learn we need a WR1, not a bunch of WR2s and jokers
I went to HS with micah eugene 
Thats a lot...
fuck off sir. u guys can't have everyone
Brown is a beast though
[How I imagine Rivers](https://youtu.be/Qm2nFjgm6Ac)
Hmm. 
Awkward slaps
Chip "nut bust" Kelly
Did Gruden forget some Steven Jackson guy used to run for the Rams?
Ya don't they know it is pronounced "lul-vul"
Because they're Jets fans
Would rather have Petty in the second 
considering the trade offers
In sarcasm, knowledge.
don't know much about this guy, but hey we got someone for our defense
Many people have also thought that many terrible players were stupid picks.
Man they got a steal.
shit i was almost convinced he was coming to us....
There's a first time for everything.
Mack is in his last year and has openly voiced his displeasure. He was probably drafted to replace Mack.
Gotta love seeing my favorite player in the NFL getting some respect for the awesome guy he is. 
this years 4th next years 5th
If Todd is the AD level talent everyone says he is, they won't dare use anyone else
Wow. Three months ago I would've said Scherff was their pick. Another surprise that I wouldn't say is a bad pick.
I am so nervous right now lol. And it's not even my team
Strife, Lelito, or Kelemete if we don't draft another one. I'm sure it'll be an open competition. Job is wide open. 
Ah man that sucks. I like watching Zac Stacy play. What do you think will happen to him?
Lol they blew it
> Bud Dupree

..... I have no idea what we're looking for there.
i see marcus mariota as the next big thing best qb in the class
Sadly, some habits are so hard to break...
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
good luck runing the football on the jets
Really good pick. If there no trade soon, I will have an aneurysm.
What the fuck is going on
Holy shit, did any players actually bother going to the draft? Lol
WOW, he got from the park to Roosevelt U real quick.
That Draft Town thing is impressive as fuck. Those bastards must be freezing their dicks off though.
He did say in his AMA that his ideal city would be LA...
Very anticlimactic. 
I just, don't really see that Mariota is the right pick, but hey, I'm not a GM
he doesnt give a fuck
Killer on the field
Oh wow that guy paid for a brand new Browns Manziel jersey.. He is a better person than me.
After that hug, Goodell has suspended Danny Shelton for the 8 games and fined him $400,000
I'm happy. Flowers may have been a bit of a reach but it allows us to move Pugh to guard. We might actually be able to run the ball!
Like incest 
Legal weed at least...
DOOD
Good thing Kevin White doesn't need a plane ride to Halas Hall.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
He knew
I JUST HATE QBS THAT MUCH IF WE CANT HAVE ONE NO ONE CAN

What does he smell like?
I feel like thats the new way to play in the AFCE

and you guys blew it :/
Reach
***SERIOUSLY?? MORE COMMERCIALS? YOU ARE TWO FUCKING PICKS BEHIND***
This is a cheap take on him 
We need to start cloning people so we can see their sex tapes.
http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/mind_blown.gif
Can you show me on this doll where he touched you?
Now it's trade speculation.

"How can Chip get Mariota?"
He's really really good
But you don't even know where the Pizza is from! Could turn out to be a real bust.
thanks for keeping him away from the Bears :)
gotta let the pick know, get the jersey ready, bunch of other shit, too
NOOOO:(
The have done it every other pick. Before Gordon was picked it was "Oh lets just take a random cue over to Gordon for the first time tonight"
Poor Mettsiah.
Suzy looks stunning tonight
Poor Eagles fans' nerves. This is madness for you guys. 
I can't wait for the Bears to blow their pick.
As a UCF alum, I was pretty bummed Perriman got drafted by the Ravens. 
So, who can tell me why this guy is better than Strong, whom I wanted?
Suzy Kolber sounds fucking stupid when she talks. 
Hehhhh.... :D
Well, that sucks
I'm really pleased with this pick, even if Byron Jones doesn't make it out of the first. 
You guys legit picked a 3rd round guy in the first lol 
Gotcha. Missed the comparison comment. Just saw the clip. Was confused.
https://i.imgur.com/WYpHK1v.gif
He's not worth what the Chiefs payed him. 
Why does Michael Irvin keep putting his mic down? He looks like he's genuinely upset that he's not getting to say much.
Whhhhhhhhat
Williams plz fall to 32nd
Worked for Dallas.
You paid that bucktooth never-was just as much.
It's interesting that 2 running backs were drafted in the first round since the league is moving towards a committee
Not really. We have plenty of young guys. He's depth at this point.
There was a tweet on /r/colts that said that. Don't know if it's 100% real or not, don't care.
Good thing Buster Skrine won't be throwing out random PIs and penalties for us anymore.
WHERE'S LEON SANDCASTLE?!?
Sooooo what's wrong with Malcom Brown, I didn't see him dropping THIS low.
Just watched his highlights. He has the same physical attributes as Maclin, but plays a lot more physical. I feel like this is just what Chip wanted.
Swapping picks, 2 5ths and a backup G/C? People are acting like that's ridiculous, or a heavy price. It's not; Manny wasn't likely to see playing time and we saved $3 mil.
We don't necessarily need an elite qb. See: history 

Just like I don't think cam will get yall to the promised land. 
This is true. I believe some injury issues (concussions) played a big part in him not seeing the field all the time, but I don't remember the timeline when he wasn't playing compared to when Parker and Marcus Cooper started.
So, fellow Cowboys fans, do we go DT with first pick?
pre-party sex
Kevin Johnson is not a reach fyi. He is incredibly polished
Welp we traded to SD. 
I think the Chargers might go with Gordon.
jj watt is excited too 
It's weird with no gold besides the helmet.
Bryce Petty
Is it Broncos time yet? I hate this being a good team thing, its 3:30am here and it will still be an hour till our pick :(
Fuck. If Williams go to Oakland...
At least he's not going to the Steelers, but I wanted him so bad
Deion is so painful to watch at interviewing.
And I'm saying that I disagree with his evaluation and why. I agree o-line should be rebuilt and it should be a priority. But using a top five pick for an non-left tackle is a waste of premium value. 
Thanks budd! Fuck you too! Cheers!
man Goodell isn't a hover-hander, his arm went right around that waist

Nah we like him too much :) you took Seau we take woodhead 
Make the trip to Lambeau this year. October games are the best.
(besides playoff football)
The niners probably will if they dont
I am so glad the Bears got Kevin White. I know I am so late to the party for it, but work called.
Damn, some bitch was happy.
The rich get richer on defense. Scary ass defense. Shoulda kept Rex. 
Saints are about to pick soon.

QUICK GO TO COMMERCIAL!
Ozzie sucks at drafting receivers. We've never had a Pro Bowl WR and it looks like that trend will continue
LEONARD WILLIAMS IS GOING TO FUCK YOU UP OAKLAND 
Chip Kelly just forfeited the 2015 season.
Marioto


Really? Lmao
Parker pls
I really don't want to click on that
Fucking meeting Emmitt Smith one god damn time shouldn't make you a Cowboys fan. I hate this commercial. 
I really hope that rumored trade isn't real. I feel like the right side of my brain grew a tumor for every player/pick they included.
Damn. Williams and the Raiders seemed like a match made in heaven.
he tore his ACL reading that
I like Henry Anderson *a lot*. Small hope AZ steals him away in the 2nd, especially now that Malcom Brown's off the table

But Arik Armstead is by far the better athlete, and by far has the higher ceiling of the two. I'm not sure how you can argue otherwise.
YAAY a trade!
Goodell's Western NY accent coming out right there
Tweets I think
*tips fedora*
Tackle, actually.
Cant wait for his eventual trade to SEA!
I don't think anyone will be able to replace Big Vince in my heart, but damn if Malcolm Brown isn't the best bet to replace him on the field 
WHHAAAAAATTTTTT
Tampa Bay has gone over the time limit and now TEN is on the clock with the first pick.
Passed out = asleep. 
........what.
Have you seen our defense?
Mayock 4/4, Kiper 3/4, McShay 2/4
I think I'll trust Ozzie's opinion on perriman over a bunch of anti raven armchair gm neck beards. Fuck yall. You people thought Benjamin would suck last year
ITT: Proof that it's actually pretty hard to fuck up a top 5 pick. Like Williams is great, but Cooper's a pretty great get in his own right.
Al Davis would have taken White.
Perriman's got a bit of a receding hairline going already there. That or his dreads are just making it look like that.
Nope, dancing girl, I fucking love this pick
I don't know, this is the Browns we're talking about.
God fucking damn it. 
I'm alright with it. Get him up and healthy first. Let Whit play while he's still playing great.
You must have missed the Cleveland Grays.
Roseanne DIDN'T win the lottery
Eat it, Cincitucky Bengals fans!
LOLL
 Not DGB Not DGB Not DGB Not DGB 
 Not DGB Not DGB
Nfl.com streaming on their site in HD
Fuck no please
He did go to duke
you mean the Irish guy?
THE FUCKING JETS BETTER NOT GET LEONARD WILLIAMS ILL BE SO FUCKING PISSED GOD DAMN PLEASE GOD NO
Jay Glazer was 14/14 for his picks...
As much as I want to agree with you, I don't. I think we're two years out. Maybe one.
Why is malcolm brown dropping so much???????
Can people stop hating on Goodell? He've done a fantastic job with the league IMO
So? Stanford needs more weapons and then he'll be elite for sure!
So, whatever it is, is undeniably Beyer than NY pizza? I'll take it
But you'll be $30 richer
Kiper 6/13, McShay 6/13, Mayock 5/13
Shit shit shit...1 CB left
Just doing what I'm paid to do.
Yeah, I've been there, I can understand that
I really hope the cowboys don't select Gordon 
I was wondering actually. Thanks for the update
slot corner
In before weed jokes about denver. 
I meant Peko. I give Geno a pass for this year because of the surgery, but PFF had Peko as the worst DT in the league this year.
Holy shit that D Line will be ridiculous 
Ya'll know me still the same RB
these commercials are actually ridiculous. what the fuck
FUCK PLEASE NO COOPER TO THE JETS FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
That last bit is the most valuable bit. Tannehill hasn't had a receiver who has the size (either length or mass) to beat defenders to the ball. Parker is tall, has a large catch radius, and a fantastic vertical. He's also known for coming back and making plays on slightly underthrown balls. That should give Tannehill a bigger margin of error.
McShay 9/20, Kiper 7/20, Mayock 6/20
*Rhodez and Waynez
Lol at "experts" saying he should drop to round 2-3
I'd be quite happy to trade Coples right now.
Everyone wanna be a Raider.
You're probably getting Parker. 
Damn I wanted him
I mean...in his AMA earlier he said he'd like to play in LA...so this could work out for him. 
Cowboys took Byron Jones 
Ahhhhhh fuck. Jets did a good.
Goodell set up the draft this way just so he could get some extra walking in to lose some weight. Fucking selfish.
Really Goodell? You couldn't practice that pronunciation?
Fuck. Probably means Williams is going to Oakland.
oh you.
por que no los dos
"and we have a trade to announce"

>You broke Reddit!
So you're telling me Seahawks and Patriots are the same team?
Great Pick. Athletic beast. He'll just have to get over his streakiness
It's okay, y'all don't want someone who grew up a Falcons fan playing for you anyway :)
http://gfycat.com/BrightNarrowFlamingo#
Fuck the Raider Nation! Jamaal is coming for that ass.
This makes me happy. I kind of love the Pats-Texans bromance recently
Melvin Gordon is more than a decent RB. That is why they traded up.
I was just thinking the same thing. I guess they don't expect people to pay attention?
VIKINGS!!!
I like how he said "brain-trust"
Something fun is going to happen on the OL in training camp and I'm going to like it. I just have no idea what it's going to be.
Hurry up NFL I need to see who we take but I also need to pass out from boredom this draft.
good pick for the giants but can someone make a fucking trade come on
what was the offer?
Woahhhhhh
WOOOH! GO TROTZ!
"He looks like one of those Iowa Linemen!"

In a shocking twist, he IS a Lineman from Iowa - what are the odds?
2010
http://i.imgur.com/o9dCEOa.gif
You'd think he'd be able to afford Hooked on Phonics at this point in his career.
[**@PaulKuharskyNFL**](https://twitter.com/PaulKuharskyNFL/)

> [2015-05-01 00:46 UTC](https://twitter.com/PaulKuharskyNFL/status/593939588164538368)

> Whiz: That's the plan, for him to start Day 1, what we anticipate being the case. \#TENpick \#Titans

----

^This ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot

[^[Contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;subject=TweetsInCommentsBot)[^[Source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)

Hahaha yeah Ray. Way to go on that "important work"
Perfect place for Shane Ray. Legal weed.
Leonard Williams is gonna fall to us. 
Go Baalke GO
Roman Reigns to Cleveland confirmed.
The Walter Peyton Manning award winner speech was great.
Shamus Jameis
In the words of the immortal Jeff Probst, "I got nothin' for ya."
Oh, I get it. I don't think either of us have to worry, though. Armstead's college numbers were not even that good in a pretty weak era for Pac-12 OL's.
I like that the Houston logo on ESPN looks like Dallas 
Wait, what's with the name coloring on that jersey?

Skins making a small change?
Nice pick for Cleveland. Should buff up that D-Line quite nicely.
Rams quickly trade up for White I need a WVU trio
Bold move Cotton
hahahaha what
I didn't expect Williams to drop this far!
Here we go... Titans pick. The one we've been waiting for.
No one mocked that into their draft predictions...
I don't hate it... But what are we going to do at center?
Called it 
I like this pick. Ignore my collegiate affiliation
Don't worry the Browns will trade everything to the Titans for Mettenburger
I'm a fan of alts in general. I just think teams should stick to their colors and/or throwbacks. Don't go with black just because it looks 'cool.'
Srsly
wut

Behind that O line? I doubt it. With what weapons?
Still plenty of time left :P
Michael Fabiano smiling is horrifying
lol Fuck you Dallas. 
Stop fucking fuckin
Schefty just dropped a bomb. A UGA bomb.
this intro is awful
Gg
No O-line, top two picks on board are QB and RB. Problem?

Not much when you have nothing surrounding him. Giving up a blockbuster trade for a project QB with no o-line, running game, or real receiving threats. Great plan there.
damn... i love me some Melvin Gordon
Holy fuck that guy is huge
MARIOTA
CUZ WE ARE THE MIAAMMI DOLPHINSSS
The greatest football team 
J-E-T-S SUCK SUCK SUCK
Defensive Back was a need, we took Defensive Back. I'm happy. 
haha, i thought mayock said white tackle.
Mmmm gotta love that Curtis Mayfield music.
Part of the secret plan to surround Barkley with familiar players in preparation for his destiny as Eagles starter. 
SO many boooooooos for Goodell.

Unless they are saying GOOOOOdelll
Ok
Damn! What are you still doing here? 

NOOOOOOOOO
Wise
Are they going to trade Mason or something? Because Tre Mason looked pretty damn good last year.
PLEASE DON'T PICK PARKER, SAINTS
Or maybe Coples just isn't good enough.
I don't get it either 
Love that mentality 
FLAIR UP SO I KNOW WHETHER TO UPVOTE YOU OR NOT /s

edit: jk u get downvote regardless
Good pick, kid is huge and fast. Can't argue with that. 
true
Byron Jones > Peters IMO. I have a huge draft crush on Jones.
MARIOTO?! 
Rays nails nice af
Honestly surprised Mariota ended up with the Titans. Swore they would make a last minute deal with someone. 
YES YES YES 
Tackle...the least sexiest pick 
Glad there are not showing the players on camera spoiling the picks this year. 
As long as it's Jay Cutler throwing him the ball I'm all for it!
J Joseph won't be around in '16 so I guess we're grooming his replacement early. I wanted Dupree -_-
HAHAHAHAHAHA

YOU HAD ONE FUCKING JOB RAIDERS
I'll take an offensive linemen please. Please... pls
Honestly wasn't expecting that 
Since Goodell mispronounced Mariota's name, does that mean Chip Kelly has a legal loophole to draft him?
Without this Eagles trade the draft just got a lot more boring to be honest. 
Hehehehheheheehe
6'5" 315 lbs, pretty quick for a big guy and very athletic. We need more guys like this desperately. Our O line is undersized with Chester and Polumbus (who's tall but not that bulky to be a solid tackle).
Let's get Bryce petty!
DUDE! Not Williams?!
looks like Harvey Dent's face
Thank God. I still want us to trade up, only for Cooper. 
Now I get to start hoping one of Waynes/Parker falls to the eagles and get to be disappointed when it doesn't happen. Rollercoaster of emotions!
Only if Gruden accidentally says dick in there somewhere 
https://twitter.com/christomasson/status/593956192596021248
He can play in the rain, he can play on a train.

He can play in a box, he can play with a fox.
Oh thank god we're picking earlier, I need to pass out like a mother.
I'm sure all those draft picks, on the cusp of their many millions and stardom are psyched about a pair of headphones. Let's keep asking about it in every interview. 
WOOOOOO!
I was really hoping for the giant Chip shoe.
Sick intro
when Andrew Whitworth dares you to do something, you do it
Experts.
What is going on with Kiper? Watching other stream. 
be a fan a different team then fuck
JESUS FUCK!!!

Why is a coke machine a good comparison? Aren't they slow 
Please take Byron Jones
Yeah, the Jets fans are here, you can hear them loud and clear
Yes please.
Not his # the dudes name is John. He got 50 messages and didn't know why. Seem nice about it
I get it, but what if we can't agree on what "similar value" is? It would be hard to force them into anything, and you'd lose all leverage. What if he failed the physical and the Broncos said "Eh, he's worth a 7th round pick"?
How many homeless people did Cleveland survey this year?
RTFA
So weird that that's our reaction. "What do you mean we only get ONE pick?!"
BOOO ROGER GOODELL SUCKS.
That's not Too Tall.
What is this, how do you say, "first round pick?"
So....
That's what I was thinking
I remember reading mock drafts months ago that had him falling to us and I was thrilled then he started climbing and climbing and I gave up hope. Unbelievable.
A TRADE! Finally. We've traded all this offseason craziness for a fairly uneventful first day of the draft.
Cum to Detroit
Berman being Berman. Gruden blowing every player like he is the best thing to ever happen.

Mayock is legit and Eisen is pretty funny.

It's a personal preference. If you want to watch ESPN go watch ESPN. Who cares?
He'll be great at pulling PI flags
They did
I mean, I'm not happy with them having Trent and Scherff locking that line down for years, but passing on Williams makes me happy.
The 4 year prophecy is coming
That would be retarded
Browns to select Bryce Petty based on recent draft pick trends
Then the shocked comment as if they had no clue and they are a genius 
winston being a bust is like 50/50
He actually reminds me of Sammy Watkins
Haha... "\#BALpick"

Yes, I'm a 5 year old.
lol wat
He's Polynesian?
To be expected. 
\#SAVEUSY2JAMIS
Because BOOOOOOOOOOO
Gregory, Collins, Brown.

Can't go wrong. They'd be so deadly with Gregory or Brown.
Thomas Dimitroff
https://i.imgflip.com/kwe2i.jpg
No beets for me fuckers MUAHAHAHAHA!
How are you inside of my thoughts right now?
Nooo. God.
Humphries was literally the last OT left that could be justifiably picked in the first.
Quarterbacks throwing into his coverage this season had an NFL passer rating of just 26.3, the best mark in the FBS for all corners. Credit /u/faceisamapoftheworld

You were saying?
Why is QB Bo Callahan dropping?!
How many OL have been drafted tonight?
Where has this been all my life
SPORT SCIENCE
That's not right
I *highly* doubt it was.
Best CB in the draft. Makes a lot of sense when you have Rodgers and Stafford fucking you up twice a year
I like Beatty, he;s overpaid but he is a top 15 LT. 
For what we offered for that pick I'd be pissed if I'm a titans fan. 
Williams plz
I feel bad if Tampa doesn't take Winston and that guy wastes his custom jersey.
You ruined our chance to be the Atlanta Falgers.
I just realized that Al Harris is the assistant secondary coach in KC and is going to have to put up with this asshole. Poor Al. I hope he can take a punch.
Paging /u/Indominus-Rekt "the Mariota Guy"
How many wide receivers do the dolphins need
Colts fans may not like this, but holy fuck is that ever a nice weapon for Andy
Well, weed is legal in Colorado!
this is going to be such a boring draft
Dez romo and witten running a train on Giselle while Tom and Belichick watch in the corner and jerk each other off. Extremely detailed. 
This reminds me of the Rams pick last year
Yeah, because nobody in the history of the league knew what an offensive line was before Jerruh backed his way into a good one.
Is it now a thing for the players to stay at home instead of being at Radio City?
Seems like a nice guy. Opposite end of the scale from Dominic Raiola.
There's absolutely no way the Pats will pick up a guy who is even remotely accused of anything to do with domestic violence. 
damn, stream just got shut down, anyone have a working one?
So, I guess so much for Colts fans insisting there was a 0% chance they went WR in the first?
Last minute trades. They have the time, might as well use it. 
E!SPN at its finest
Some troll who keeps making new accounts it looks like. 
I totally agree.
Gurley??
Lol they're taking Shelton or Parker 
Damn I wanted Kendricks 

The Rams missed having a key player with ACL problems. 
oh shit. wow i wish him the best.
Alex Flanagan is in San Diego for us guys!!
*sigh* Oh its Harrington
Giggity
What has he proven? He's not guaranteed to start and he's expensive for being a depth guy.

I think it's better for the Broncos.
He finished All PAC-12 with 106 tackles, I think Gruden read the wrong notes
You owe me 5 bucks!
Running downs.
I guarantee Byron Jones is going #20
He meant Houston 
Colt McCoy?
Shocking
Lame I wanted brown 
I had this saved for some reason

http://i.imgur.com/lbCNBYx.gif
Let me know how that goes when AJ Green and Marvin Jones are torching your secondary.
Kinda reminds me of how I felt when we got Mike Evans last year. Not a super sexy pick, but a very good one.
Ok... now can I see a picture of the uniform without the awesome lighting?
BLUE BALLED AGAIN?! REALLY? BACK TO BACK YEARS?! 
 
**GOD. DAMNIT.**
As a matter of fact, he is. 

http://www.breitbart.com/california/2014/05/18/chargers-qb-philip-rivers-tells-catholic-university-grads-now-i-begin/
I think the Giants go RB or lineman, So I think it will be between Ereck Flowers, Todd Gurley, or Melvin Gordon 
I fully expect the Rams to be a playoff team next year. 
My friend suggested doing a shot every time they mention Mariota, I don't want to die yet though
https://twitter.com/slime_drexler/status/508389902384631808

**THIS GUY FUCKING CALLED IT**
He better fit in well then!
phew
Falcons going to be dropping a Vic Pic on live TV. 
Hahaha ran into this guy last weekend, so fucking creepy.
Not if we don't have anyone to block for them.
surprised they didnt take Parker, but a solid pick.
And now that the boring part is at an end, entertain us Titans/Bears/Browns/Eagles!
Why not take Cooper?
Gotta protect RGIII..
Kind of..
Jenny was just meeting up for some kisses.
Yes, theres a video of their draft room freaking out somewhere
whelp. gotta do what you gotta do...just remember to youtube it. maybe you'll have enough hits to pay for a new one
What are you talking about? Really?
He wasn't a top 5 lineman? According to who?
Wow just the fact that you were on the podium was an achievment
If we truly do a 4-2-5 Pryor would start in the S/OLB hybrid role but it would be a great scenario for Allen.
noooooooo i want all the linebackers.
"Nothing can stop this kid! Besides his ACL injury!"
[TRADE ALERT: LIONS TO THE BRONCOS](https://twitter.com/RapSheet/status/593965345095831552)
Um no, I compared no one to no one. I used an example of a past QBs situation to show how ridiculous your statement was.
He's a lot different. Slower, but more accurate. Similar body types is all. 
It's pretty fun every year. Very entertaining.
*trader* 
So... All I've heard from 49ers the past month is a circle jerk over how they won't ever draft Armstead. 

Anyone care to chime in now?
Can the Ravens draft one of Ohio State's QBs?
maclin wasn't worth 11 million
I was kind of sad because DeVante was on the board. But we also picked a "raw" defender because his physical tools were so high last year... that worked out okay. 

We're MN fans, but we seem to have a coach/gm combo we can trust. Feels weird I know.
OH BOY. WATCH OUT /r/NFL
BUST or BUSTED?
im scared
The next team goes and they pick after them.
You just have so many WRs. And someone like Brown or any LB would have helped.
Manny gets worked like crazy.
I don't get these people

You have a multi-million dollar career guaranteed for playing a game

Can you really not find a better way to have fun and relieve stress than doing something untoward that's publicly frowned upon?
No, no. Rhodes will cover Calvin, just like last year. 
Girl on the far left of Mariota is cute
Everyone said that Thoms Davis was too small to play LB too. Kind of ironic that he announced Shaqs pick.
being linked to every coaching opening 
-bears fans the last two years
Coug fan!
#BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
don't tell me they're showing clips of the Maryland game where Scherff was a dumpster fire
Super Agro McCag.
Nelson
I'm disappointed Chicago, not enough booing.
CHIP KELLY HAS GONE SUPER SAYIAN 
If he wants to get fined and suspended by the Broncos and NFL, then sure. 
these NFL pundits have no respect or decorum. On the NFL's live stream guy's like, "this is a good setup and pick for the Raiders, I can't believe I'm saying that!"

Are you serious? Good god do they pick these idiots off the streets?
OOOOOOAAAHHHHHH
Since Fowler and Williams are gone i think the falcons could take ray here 

edit: forgot beasley could see that too 
OAK may be seeing what kind of offers they get.

Yeah, it's disappointing, I was at least expecting the Browns to do something stupid by this point
Tradition. 
I had so much hope for Klein :( At least he'll be solid depth along with Glanton.
Yea just what the jets need another monster DL falling right into their laps god dammit OAK
ARGHG HOLY SHIT FUCK!

I guess they thought the Texans would trade down probably, thus wanted to move up and secure him?
WOW NFL NETWORK. WAY TO SPOIL BIRDMAN FOR SOME PEOPLE
luck cant solve everything.

glad we got a 3rd cb.
Why do you Colts fans want the Colts to draft O-line and then not give them any time to develop?
Michael Brockers?
Oh man oh gawd oh man oh gawd oh man oh gawd
Why not both? 
Fuck I have chills already
*weep*
With how bad he fucked up Mariota's name, I can see why. 
If the Jets didn't take Williams, I really hope Ryan Pace is sprinting to the podium.
/r/nfl was pretty cringey for some of us the last couple weeks.
Cooooooooop!
I really like him. I think he's a great matchup on big tight ends
I like Collins a lot, but he really is stiff. He can play deep pretty well despite that, but a real quick player may make him look bad closer to the line. 

Bet the Patriots pick him though. 
i hope
Opposite. Not really heavy on Top10, but could see 5 tackles go in the round.
I love everything you're doing everywhere!!
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
He's hyped as fuck
Jesus fuck Gruden keep it in your pants
Wait really? Holy fucking shit, what a beatdown.
Pls Winston 
Yeah, Brandon Flowers is going to welcome Cooper to the NFL. 
Having Mike Evans and Vincent Jackson as your targets ain't too shabby...
Ah-so, that would definitely do it.
RBs have devalued they said... No RBs in the top 10 they said...
They didn't say that about Martin.
For teams with the same records, the order is reversed on alternate rounds.
ok
Boy, this is gonna hurt..
It's going to take more than some improvement. The Bears fans have spent the last decade with only one possibility for shit talking the Packers. That has been that "it doesn't matter how amazing your offense is, if your defense is going to give it away."

Now we're in a year where their defense is completely non-existent, and they go with more offense in the first. I can't wait to watch how that bites them too.
Well yeah. Money
Raiders/Pats in the AFC Championship game. Mack off the edge, Brady sack, strip, fumble, Woodson with the recovery. I'll be dreaming about this throughout the season all because a Pats fan guaranteed the Raiders make it to the playoffs. 
Top 2 are QBs... When was the last time this happened?
PICK IS IN HURRY UP GOODALL\
Damn, can they undo the pick? Guess he sucks now. 
Great locker room. Scheme fit?

Need a Mizzou fan to tell me if they play 3-4. 

May not matter though. Ray might be able to play either. 
BOOOOOOOOO
It was his nickname the minute it was spoken and his nickname **forever** when I slapped this together two minutes later.[MARIOTO, USE GUST!] (http://i.imgur.com/98FbAHh.jpg)
Ah, you want a QB.
Lol "short arms" are one of the weirdest, non-predictive measurables around. What's funny is that the same criticism was made of Bryan Bulaga and Riley Reiff when they were drafted, and both Hawkeyes have managed well (When Bulaga's healthy, at least)
Yeah because Amari Cooper will be a terrible WR. 
This is bad news. I hear Winston is a massive Dali fan.
If a sperm is waaaaaaasted
Ah man I was hoping they would grab Landon Collins just so all their fans would be pissed
It's cool seeing teams make a trade that helps out both sides. Now if that could happen in my fantasy league... 
Chargers trading up?
Did you miss fa?
Tomlinson or Ogbuehi stand out. They're just not that good. I didn't really like Perriman, but he was going to go high after that Pro Day 40 time, and I think Washington left better players on the table to take Scherff at #5, but Scherff's obviously a first round player either way. Damarius Randall - especially as a CB - was a bit high considering where he's at as a football player right now, but still not as egregious as Tomlinson or Ogbuehi, so those two are my picks.
How do you feel now? 
This topic is supposed to have spoilers in it, it's the other topics that shouldn't
Fuck it put him in you pro scheme. If he's as good as everyone says you're a genius. Qbs are a 50/50 shot especially when drafting them to start as rookies but if their clearly better than the incumbent let it rip
ayyyyyyyyy GB's pick is in. I need video and or picture evidence that you're eating a rice cake right now.
very similar playstyle.
You guys are right. But it was probably the worst pick of the first round.
SCHERFF GOES 5th OVERALL WTF
I'm feeling like it'll be Phillip Dorsett (Not sure I spelled that right). I read the other day that Payton liked him and we are in need of some WR's. 

EDIT: Nevermind. Damn Colts. 
no shit
This is very different. Jones played on a god-awful college team, never *really* stood out, and rose massively because of combine numbers. I don't think he's a bad player by any means, but there is a lot of developing to do here, but being drafted in the first round means he'll probably be thrown straight into the fire.

All I'm saying is don't expect immediate results with him, because I'm not totally sure that he's ready to be a big contributor yet.
We're packed with titters 
Alright Colts don't fuck this up
FUCK I WANTED HIM
Well got that completely wrong again ffs 
**S**

That really was a great pickup.
It's pretty clear that the coaching was awful the last few years, but let's not ignore the fact that your defense is still comprised of the same players.

I guess there's some nuance here where you could say that terrible coaches could lead to terrible games, but the players are still out on the field being accountable for those games too, and if you try to put those same players together and hope for a drastically better outcome, you may be in for some heart ache. It's going to either take a lot of time to re-train those shitty players, or it's going to take a bunch of new players from the draft, which brings us back to the point that it's odd that the 7th overall pick was used to patch the hole from giving Marshall away for peanuts when you shouldn't have, when that pick could have made a huge impact on defense.
Because they like being wrong. It looks like lots of teams picking at the bottom of the round wanted him.
Jared Lorenzen 2.0
NFCE going O-line so far. 
Am I too late to make weed jokes?
Anyone have a picture or video, I'm on mobile, no cable.
I'm sure the Bucs love this...
X
Well... I guess, he did go to Miami...
EVERYTHING IS FALLING INTO PLAN!!
I don't understand Hundley before the top of the 3rd, I just don't.. 
Nah. Watch Whites film. He's a stud. One good year in his last year means he probably has a ton more learning and improving to do. 
Melvin Gordon.
Wow, Raiders fans, how blindsided are you?
https://i.imgur.com/nEk36.gif
Real girlfriend confirmed?
moneys on Kendricks
aw shit
Typical ~~werewolves~~ Jaguars.
The guy was aggressive.
damn good pick cowboys 
Did you miss the redskins pick?
2 RBs in the top 15
I'm surprised we haven't seen an office space / Milton meme with "I was told they'd be trades" on it. 
And eat some crab legs.
http://www.axs.com/news/oakland-raiders-owner-proposes-nfc-switch-in-order-to-move-team-to-l-a-22937


A younger one, who can return kicks, and has knees made of real cartilage.
Badass OL
My favorite number. Warms my heart.
Denver's going to have to have *high* standards for Shane Ray if he wants to last with the Broncos. 
Lol but it is on the Internet 
Blame your GM.
We literally signed some dude off the street to play center last year, its good when all the pieces are there, but it crumbled bad.
At least we're not the saints, right? 
I don't blame him. With their pick, he dropped to third on the depth chart basically. Or at least fighting for second. Why not go somewhere where you can fight for a first? (Not that he'd necessarily beat anyone out, but I can understand the sentiment)
So what? If a player gets drafted where many people thought he would it's not a reach.
I'm a Gator, I'm a Falcons fan, i hope the panthers take DJ Humphries. He didnt remotely live up to his 5 star, #1 OT ranking. Slow to recover, got pushed around too much, struggled mightily vs speed rushers on average. ill take vic beasley vs him any day
BUDDY BOY
Wooooooooo
>Your comment makes no sense
MG3

Long, Man. Too long.
Because people were booing
Source on demanding trade?
Apparently we didn't think he was good enough to keep the first time we had him...
Rodger boodell
32 for 32 would be pretty shocking also. 
Dude's a hoss
I think it might work as a RB or WR but TEs are too close to the shit to make a decision like that
You spell Cavs funny.
Do they have a jersey made for every possible team?
Bears got blue balled by the Rams taking the DT they wanted last year. Let's not make it two years in a row. 
These picks are making us all look so smart! Good luck at Oakland, Amari!
Bryce Petty?! Plz no. I want him on the Rams!
like justin pugh? hasn't he been a huge disappointment?
WHAT!?
Next 7 picks are gonna take 3 hours.
I swear he got a boner when nfl network just showed his injury
Melvin Gordon perfect pick for the Chargers
Nice call
K3V1N!
Scherff.
Daryl Richardson, Zac Stacy, Tre Mason, and now Todd Gurley. All solid players. The revolving door continues.
RIP BRADY 
**HOW DID GOODELL MESS UP MARCUS MARIOTA'S NAME?!?**
I hope we trade Stacy for picks
Wow, what a guy.
He probably called with an offer to play for the vet minimum
I don't like this pick, but it's hard to go against Ozzie's track record.
So Cutler is the reason that the Bears gave up 100 points in two games?
yo wtf
Hernandez wasn't a suspect at first. They never say you're a suspect when just bringing in for questioning. 
Thankfully he is in the AFC.
He paid now. Bout to get em fixed like Nas w/ that chipped tooth. 
KEVIN WHITE
I wish I had the threads as a reference, but trust me he was not liked, sorta like Breshad Perriman in this draft. Everyone thought he was just some slow, big body guy with a ton of drops. 
Wowwww. Poor Williams 
Nicely done!
Looking forward to the "I always believed/liked Bradford" train
I think Mort has been enjoying shots of rubbing alcohol
I just want something surprising to happen 
Congrats man. Byron is real. Salty you guys nabbed him, would have been a great fit for us...
Thanks Bleacher Report app! I never knew the the Titans picked Mariota!
> You forget his name because he was never given a name.

doh
Indifferent; I would have been fine with either. Williams is better but Fowler is still amazing and Williams plays a position we do not remotely need.
holy shit I can't believe its here guys, I had to chug a few beers to get more prepared for this
Yeah but half of them will retire before the season starts so it balances out.
And by cream I mean the brown kind
Hence the "way too early"
Danny Shelton I'm guessing
WELLP
How about Zac Stacy? Lol. This basically confirmed he won't be on the team next year. He even tweeted "Yikes." After the pick was announced. Lol
If the Bears trade for Marriota I'll suck my own dick.
[Incase anyone wants a quick laugh](https://twitter.com/SBNation/status/593948563622658050)
I.. Don't know yet
Looking forward to him being on the shitlist
Yes, bye
Im calling Shane Ray
What the hell is up with all the booing every time they do a draft pick? I am so confused.
The amount of time passing in between pick is in and the announcement is TOO DAMN LONG.
Whoever we pick I just hope they don't turn out to be a bust. Last time we had the 8th pick it didn't work out for us.
Idk, I'd fuck him.
SO.. MANY.. BOOS
I don't think I will be able to find the OP that biased me, pretty sure it was a comment of a comment of a comment in a thread that only barely related to Dalton in the first place - 

But the (convincing at the time, apparently less-so now) comments talked about how during the regular season they **averaged** #1-#5 in rush YPA (can't recall exactly), but during the playoffs routinely gave up 120+ rushing yards. But maybe that's where averages are misinforming.

So yeah, I guess I was wrong. Thought their D was pretty stout on most fronts.
Can someone tell me what rounds are on what days real quick?
I think Mel had said earlier that his pro-comparison for Dorsett was Hilton. So yeah. I'm flabbergasted right now.
Fowler is a good pick for Jags
Canidate
Wipingtearswithmoney.gif
Same, except I'm going to smoke a ton of bud
Nope I cant outsprint a chihuahua unfortinately.
What a surprise!
forgot about that lol
Damn, I'm kinda rootin for the Rams. That team is comin' together. Defense + RB + Foles 
HAHAHA Eagles fans
DAMNIT
Praise The Lord!
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
He wins the award for most complex hair style.
I heard Houston was interested in Gurley. So maybe they would have picked Gordon, or maybe someone else would have moved up if San Diego has stayed put.
She lied....soooo shut the fuck up 
Thank you Lions!!
Boooooo
Ask Google
B&
Hahaha roger come on dude 
go to /r/nflstreams I'm sure they'll have something. 
WHAT THE FUCK??? I'm done
I laughed way too hard at all this.
Commercial!
He led the team in drops...
"He's about 'we' and 'us,' that's a rarity for a young....collegiate wide receiver."
Giannis? What did he do??
My bedtime isn't for another 7 minutes. Now get off my lawn
Our beast rookie gets select reps behind an elite DL to help him develop? Fiddlestix.
"We have our first corn fed pick"
Lmao Jameis just said he's turnt up on National TV.
YES! No Waynes to us, and Parker still on the board!
How can you say our defense is terrible after we just signed 8 free agents, including Antrel Rolle and Alan Ball, on defense? Our defense is completely unknown as of now.
Personal problem like not being able to cover WRs
Bless your heart.
He even looks an awful lot like Wilfork. It's uncanny. 
Domo aregato, mister Marioto
Chip is weeping into his smoothy right now.
Ty Warren was an all pro and named to the Patriot's all 2000's team. That is not a bust
http://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0c8l6S0X91rqfhi2o1_500.gif

For you
I support this measure.
Aussie here, after a player gets drafted, how do they negotiate contracts? I mean how do they settle on a salary and what is the contract length. Because if the team offers them a certain salary, and the player doesn't like it, what do/can they do?
Atlanta Falcons up soon... they should totally grab Kevin White or Parker
IS this a chat room within a thread? WTF is going ON?!!?
PHILLY FANS CAN BREATHE EASY NOW.
I like this guy ^
Nothing a few smoothies can't fix. 
You misspelled months. This place is a shitshow.
The Shelton pick made sense, but I'm not sure how I feel about this one. Seems like the Browns didn't take full advantage of having two 1st rounders.
They have a 39thirty version sans skyline under the bill. The 59fifty is the typical high crown.
Incorrect answer.
http://i.imgur.com/FWyEPkS.gif
Yeah, as a current LSU student, this list is fucking bullshit. He wasn't the best when he was a freshman but this kid has been a starter for us for the last **3 years** and has consistently improved each year. 

Not only him, but Kwon Alexander is one of our better performers these past years. Our LB core with him and Beckwith was fucking awesome. 
Bwahahaha
The only thing worse than commercials are the teenagers complaining about them
MELVIN GORDON MELVIN GORDON MELVIN GORDON MELVIN GORDON
oh lawd
Bears losing out on a top DT by 1 spot two drafts in a row. 
And Maclin.
Dewayne Robertson
I screamed fuck so loud multiple times when you guys took him. Two years in a fucking row. 
STOP TAKING BREAKS WHEN YOU ARE SO FAR BEHIND
Why do that when you can be with your family at home? 
Didn't see that one coming. I thought Mason was doing well?
i wouldn't say it's a reach. We definitely aren't drafting for need. We also did a lot of homework on him and clearly showed the most interested. 
They had the same record, so they rotate who picks first in each round.
*I move with the elegance of an African elephant*
Just don't confine him to a shitty old trailer. But man... meth addicts have a serious work ethic.
Well if he does end up having some problems I hope he takes the steps Aldon did with the rehab and staying focused on football. 
Will Chip Kelly finally go full Chip Kelly in 10 mins?
Baalke be all like "draft ALL the project picks!".
DONT PICK LEONARD WILLIAMS DONT PICK LEONARD WILLIAMS DONT PICK LEONARD WILLIAMS
no offensive line or receivers who pretend to give a shit
Bud Dupree is a GREAT villain name
He better not bust.
Carr, Mack and Cooper is a good young foundation
Sad but true :(
TRAEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Yeah, keep the dreads! That's the source of his power! 
I'll give you each 5 bucks from my student debt
LOL amari cooper
I love this pick him and Von and Ware... in Phillips's scheme? O god. Losing Manny doesn't matter just take care of the o-line in the next 3 rounds and we'll win the draft in my mind. 
Can't have all your QBs injuried again. Good move.
FUCK I JUST REALIZED THAT ANDREW LUCK FACES THE JETS THIS SEASON. :((( 
Fuck you. I'll cry on this championship I hate you all.
Actually I think that in contrast to the Niners, this looks pretty sweet.
nah more about not keeping Ware after this year.
Watch on espn
"OH SHIT well *now* we gotta get Trae Waynes."
Wait, what?! 
your front office is doing brilliant work
leo Williams to the Jets confirmed best D line in NFL?
YOU SHUT YOUR WHORE MOUTH
Look at those monster hands.
Those shoes.
Yeah really eh, if a receiver goes in the first round I don't think anyone can say he "can't catch the football" lol
even without marioto's name on it, it's still a horrid purchase.
Maclin 2.0
Glad to hear it. I'm sure having someone to work with will help you push yourself as well.
Fisher: FUCK ZAC STACY!
Raiders are in such a great situation. I feel like Williams or Cooper are both sure fire contributors
Mariato 
i thought the pats traded the pick to the texans?
How about that, the draft experts mocking this guy to SF weren't the total morons everyone thought after all.
Falcons have a hope for a pass rush for the first time since 2010
Yup, it all starts up front.
He was also great in the NFL. As a Vikings fan I loved him in spite of the hookers and getting cut for being seriously overweight. He won the superbowl that year.
Trade him to the Eagles pls. Titans...come on. 
Also important, 1-Whit played fantastic at Guard a couple years ago

2-Whit & Smith both are expiring after this season. Could be Andre's replacement. Not Andrew's.
Chip Kelly couldn't trade to get Marriotta so he has now demanded a trade to Tennessee 
That guys gonna be upset if Tampa trades away their #1 pick
I hope so. But I'd rather Williams than white
Damn, was hoping he would fall to us. 
Goddamnit
Rams I have no clue.
Og-bue-hi
What, 3 teams ready to pick? Hold one, lets just do one more commercial...
I completely agree, I really didn't want us to reach on a tackle and that's just what we did.
Vikes on the clock... until they're not, cause we're trading.
Shane Ray absolutely demolished DJ Humphries this past year. like, it was ugly. DJ should have quit playing football the next day. Thats how bad DJ was vs Shane Ray. 
What about the raider fan that needs to rip off his own penis? I'm looking at you /u/edwardfortehands
I thought sneaky fast was reserved only for white guys
Best player on the board and we'll either trade Wilk, or Williams I think.

White was too expensive at this pick.
Something is about to spark off...
In Ted Thompson we trust
here we go
And gloves 
Very nice pick!
The funny thing about that is it's not terrible acting until he has to hold a "surprised" look for ten god damned seconds
The fuck did he have to work with? Your entire roster was bad. You had no one around him. Mariota will not do well either. It was a bad fucking pick and you guys should have taken one of the huge packages and built around Mett. This pick will get Whiz and Webster shit canned. 
They must make 32 for every player.
are you looking for anustart?
I DON'T CARE BUT I HOPE HE SLIDES DOWN TO #15
I still think we can get a complimentary back for Miller in later rounds. We need a bigger guy who excels in short-yardage situations.
Talk about reaching
Shit, I meant Jared Odrick.
He's pretty explosive, just doesn't have top end speed at all. Gets downed from behind a lot. 
It's obvious the announcers knew the pick. They just happen to say "maybe they'll take a running back" 10 seconds before the pick out of nowhere. Annoying.
If no one wants him, I'll take him. I saw something in him that rookie year. I don't know why but I feel like he could be extremely solid. 
First LB off the board? Did they tell Shaq Thompson that? 
Can you please point out which games you're watching? He's a projected RT which is a great idea since Pugh is an ok RT and we have a need at RG. He is raw but luckily he's 20 and doesn't necessarily have to start right away.
Yep, in my eyes he's honey badger 2.0.
You guys drafted a linemen, we responded back.
TIL i've been butchering his name 
Noooooooo, cubay's comment was the joke :P 
Was probably watching cat videos instead of learning qb names and watching potential suspendees evidence.
Thanks! It's a labor of love.
Man Bud Dupree is falling hard.
Like we needed another fucking Jamaal Charles in the AFC West. Fuckin chargers 
Raiders already beat the 49ers last season?
Holy Shit
bruh that was two hours ago lol
> CALLED IT!

It's just too bad that I have no idea who this Stephone **Williams** kid is
Thurman is your DC now, not ours
Eagles fans :(
Seems like a great fit for PIT. I can tell they are trying to build up that once great defense. 
Was this not the most boring/uneventful draft of the past decade?
If he sits I can't imagine it'll be for long. 
You know what would be funny? If TB ran out of time before they got the pick in.
The suspense is killing me!
He's won me over. That's all it takes
I'm so fucking nervous that we're about to take a RB. 
I can't take this
4 week bender in the Caribbean. Seems alright. 
Gotta keep that in mind for reincarnation. Being white has it's perks, but I cant even jump. 
New Orleans please take Landon Collins don't let New England get him
This guy got kicked off his team? I don't know how to feel about this.......
WOW. TY Hilton clone
RIP AFC North OL
YES! YES! YES! YES! YES!
That's amazing value.
Unless he plays guard, then wtf
Camera pls stop shaking 
Agholor = Maclin 2.0 

Great pick - welcome to Philly...
I still have it saved on my DVR. I watch it at least once a week
Actually a smart pick by the Browns. I think Erving is going to be a beast.
Get him before anyone else does
THAT'S where I recognized that hook from. Thank you.
2nd, 3rd, and 4th are not late rounds, especially for interior linemen.
Do you think Williams was the best? 
You're right however we've been so thin at DL for awhile that it's so nice to have a very good rotation. Jones as a pure pass rusher, Nink one of the best run stopping DE, Sheard all around a very good DE, Brown a good penetrating and run stopping DT, Easley a good interior pressure DT and Branch/Siliga 2 very good run stopping DT. With our great LB as well who all have such different but unique skillsets there's a lot of special things they can do. Hightower and Collins play very well on the line and they're all exceptional at blitzing as well as just being top tier LB. It's still probably the worst in the AFCE but it's still a huge upgrade.
Sherbet.
If I remember correctly from last year, they have a machine to press the name onto the jersey on-site.
Williams is dropping
I think it was the best player that fits their needs at this point, even though it wasn't the biggest.
Parker isn't making it to the Ravens.
I need a pic as "Ripped mom at NFL Draft" sounds amazing.

Finally Clausen has someone to throw to. 
Beasley stay open all the way to the Ravens pls. 
What did it say, I think he deleted it
hopefully he doesn't pal around with snyder too much!
No surprise with Fowler
Wat da fuq
I though Raiders fans were so confident that they were gonna take Williams? Hmmm
Conflict of emotions: Joy of being drafted, sadness of being drafted by the Browns.
...duh. My bad. 
Pretty close! 

NFL Network is cable..... 

Edit: Can't wait until Lisa Rhodes does, ah, nevermind. 
...Rashad would be a great pickup in a later round....
I wonder how many weed jokes we're gonna get now
I want to see some trades, this draft is too predictable. Mel can't be right most of the time, it just isn't right 
Well fellow ravens fans I'm thinking shane ray or a wr at this point
the sd 1st rounder and a 4th and 5th
No offense to Wisconsin, but I think the Babes and Beer in SD are more than adequate.
Rex Grossman's dick just got hard.
ITT: Mariotto
I don't think chip wanted him...chips not that dumb.
I dunno I think he had Jackson like potential, I would have lived with him at 20, and I bet the Ravens pick him if Perriman was gone.

Still you are getting a early preview of how the Luck contract is going to gut that team. 
guess how many. guess.
You're board is fucking crazy. 
He is gonna play that nickel spot that woodson used to I think.
Still can't believe how many people fell for the "Eagles want Mariota" rumors. hahaha
MARCUS MARIOTO!
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHH WE GONNA FUCK PEOPLE UP
5-2 D lol
Don't know if I agree with the Titans thinking on this one
It's not bad
Wow, Bud dropped a lot, but good for the Steelers. I can't wait to see him play there.
Washington got so fucking lucky, Williams is easily the number 1 player in this draft.
cooper, white or williams?
I guess it didn't click with me.
I think Dallas would have moved up ahead of us if he was there at 16.
I hope so
CANT YOU SEE WE'RE BUSY
That would undermine being able to make the same stale joke again, though. This place runs on stale jokes.
Jimmy McGill?
It's a-me, Dr. Marioto!
I was expecting Patrick Sharp.
YOU HEARD DA HORN! 
This just in: Chip Kelley offers Phil Knight and two first rounders to the Bucs. 
Philip "OctoDad" Rivers
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
na hush up little girls, there's a lot of cats wit that name.
A lot of NFL players smoke, these athletes can get the weed out of their system quickly with their bodies. 
Source: my friend was on the practice squad and I got my first peak into NFL lives.
AFC East. We're fucking coming.
Jeff Fisher is stupid as hell
Is it just me or does this Jones guy look extremely similar to Sanders? 

Anyway, I'm excited and thrilled with this pick. He is a solid CB. 


mmmmmm....grilled cheese
That spin/tumble he did before the snap in his highlight video was amazing. 

Gif?
I'm so fucking relieved. It would have been neat to see Mariota but with the trade rumors circulating there was no way we make a trade that favors us in the long run unless Mariota is the 2nd coming of Jesus. 
I mean, it is in Hawaii.
Lol. Here's you pick. HERE'S ALL HIS AWFUL CHARACTER ISSUES. 
A high number, probably. 
FSU and UF players to Tampa and Jags respectively. This can only mean Dolphins will draft a UM player.
Sounds like drug deal jargon
RIP Gordon opportunity
Quick is agility and acceleration. Fast is more related to straight line and top end speed. 
Bears. Make it happen for Leonard Williams!
Good job Tennessee, cant wait to see this dumpster fire.
Doesn't matter what the pick is, there will be boos.

#BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
lol wut
Could you link to the threads in this post?
[Damn, so Oakland's receiving corps now looks a little better than this.](http://gfycat.com/TightDistortedBoar)
in the 3rd round
SELECT MARCUS MARROOOOTTAAA! how the fuck do u say his name fuck i fucked it up god dammit
We're not going OL
I didn't realize the iggles got Miles Austin. Cool.


And another WR
Brady Mirror Career
Uhhhhh, the fuck?
I just don't get him at all, what a waste of talent.
Cmon chargers, make the draft interesting 
You're getting Jones :(
i'm waiting tables currently out in malibu and we have to wear all black non slip shoes. i wear the sketcher go walk 3. i work doubles and my feet don't hurt at all. they're fucking amazing for walking
Its gonna be a long two weeks.
https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate for those that don't feel like waiting.
White is going to have a hell of a time dealing with Richard Sherman
And the rich get richer. Damnit man.
Patriots Problems: 

Wait until the end of the draft just to see them trade out. 
What the fuck Suze
Or was it one magic bullet!?
For the rest of the hour. So from now until 9 is commercial free